(Leaning over to whisper) I think about you when I masturbate.
(Use index finger to call someone over then say) I made you come with one finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Are those pants on sale? Cause they’re 100% off at my place!
Are you a bad load of laundry? You make my pants feel two sizes too small.
Are you a blanket? cos I love it when you’re on top of me.
Are you a button? Cause I’d tap that.
Are you a daycare center? Because I want to put kids in you!
Are you a farmer? No, ‘cuz you sure know how to raise a cock.
Are you a horse? (No) Can I ride you anyway?
Are you a light switch? ‘Cause you turn me on!
Are you a lumberjack? Because you just gave me wood!
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because there’s a political uprising in my pants
Are you a mirror? Cause I can see myself inside you.
Are you a pirate? Cause I’ve got a lot of semen waiting for you!
Are you a poster? Because I want to pin you on a wall
Are you a thief? Cause I want you to steal my virginity tonight!
Are you a tortilla? Because I want to flip you over and eat you out!
Are you a trampoline because I want to bounce on you
Are you a virgin? (No.) Prove it!
Are you anorexic? Oh, OK, then I’ll understand if you spit.
Are you chinese? Cus’ id play with your chopstick
Are you cold? (Yes) You want a jacket? (Sure) Well, not here, you can jack it when you get back to my room.
Are you flappy bird? Cause I could tap you all night
Are you free tonight or am I gonna have to pay?
Are you gay? (No.) Wow, me neither, let’s have sex.
Are you in to Casual Sex or should I dress up?
Are you spaghetti? Because I want you to meat my balls
Are your knees dirty? I don’t want to get my floor dirty.
Ay gurl is yo dad in jail? Cuz if i was your dad, i’d be in jail.
Baby I’m like a firefighter I find them hot and leave them wet.
Baby, I’m like a firefighter, I find ’em hot and leave ’em wet!
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Baby… wanna come for a ride?
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
Call me Chris Brown, cause I’d hit that! [Look at her ass]
Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.
Can I be the wiener in your hotdog?
Can I borrow 70 cents? (No) Then how about 69. I’m sure you can offer 69.
Can I impregnate you with my Demon spawn?
Can I please be your slave tonight?
Can I put my Charlie in your Chocolate Factory?
Can I see your tan lines?
Can you help me up? My dick is too big.
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
Can you help me with my science assignment? I need to know how to get to Uranus.
Damn girl I’d love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
Damn girl, are you a pinata? Cos i’m gonna need a blindfold before i hit that.
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!
Did you fell from heaven? Cause your booty is swollen!
Did you get those pants at 50% off? Cause they are 100% off at my place!
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you believe in evolution? Cause my homo is erectus.
Do you believe in karma? Because I know some good karma-sutra positions.
Do you have a shovel? Cause I’m diggin’ that ass!
Do you have any Irish in you? (if no.) Would you like some? (if yes.) Want some more?
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
Do you have planet insurance? Because I’m about to destroy uranus.
Do you know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie-pop?
Do you know the difference between my penis and a chicken leg? No? Well, let's go on a picnic and find out!
Do you know the essential difference between sex and conversation? (No.) Do you want to go upstairs and talk?
Do you know what part of the tongue registers the “salty taste? Why don’t you blow me and find out?
Do you know what would look good on you? Me.
Do you know your ABC’s? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
Do you know, your hair and my pillow are perfectly color coordinated.
Do you like cherries? [No.] Ok, can I have yours?
Do you like jigsaw puzzles? Let’s go to my room and put our pieces together.
Do you sleep on your stomach? [No] Can I?
Do you wanna come to the Marines, or would your rather have a Marine come into you?
Do you wanna do something that rhymes with ‘Truck’?
Do you wanna lick my tongue?
Do you wanna see why my nickname is ‘tri-pod’?
Do you want to go on a ate? I’ll give you the D later
Do you want to have good sex? [No!] Well then come to my place!
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Does your ass
Erections like these don’t grow on trees you know.
Excuse me, are you ready to go home yet?
Excuse me, but I have the mother load and was wondering if you had a place
Excuse me, but would you like an orally stimulated orgasm?
Excuse me, do you believe in one night stands?
Excuse me. Do you have chicken in your fridge? (yes) How big are your breasts?
First, I’d like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I’ll move up to your belly button.
Flamingos are pink, proposing takes guts, I’ll be the pimp, you be my slut.
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let’s play gynecologist.
Fuck me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
Gee, that’s a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
Girl do you have a shovel in that back pocket? Cause I’m digging that ass!
Girl, I’m jealous of your heart. ‘Cause it’s pumping inside you and I’m not.
Guy pulls out a quarter”if i flip this coin what are the chances of me getting head?”
Have you ever heard of the naked pretzel? Ok, sit on my magical lap and we’ll see what rises.
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets inside out….) Would you like to?
Have you ever played leap frog naked??
Have you ever played “Spank the brunette”? Want to try?
Hello, love, do you spit or swallow?
Hey babe, wanna sample my DNA?
Hey baby there’s a party in my pants and you are invited!
Hey Baby! I’d like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
Hey baby, I think you just made my two by four into a four by eight.
Hey baby, I’ll fuck you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we’re done.
Hey baby, let’s go make some babies.
Hey baby, let’s play house, you can be the door and I’ll slam you all night long!
Hey baby, what’s your sign? Caution, slippery when wet, dangerous curves ahead, or yield?”
Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
Hey baby, you’ve got something on your butt – my eyes!
Hey baby…can you suck a golf ball through 50 feet of garden hose?
Hey cutie, wanna go halves on a baby?
Hey girl, are you a convertible car? Because you would look even better with your top down.
Hey good lookin’, whatcha got cookin’? Nuthin could be finer than the taste of your vagina!
Hey I am a wrestler, let me take you down.
Hey! Wanna play war? (replies) WHAT? (you) Yea, I lay on the ground and you blow the fuck outta me!
Hey, are you hiring? I really need a blowjob.
Hey, baby, wanna lock crotches and swap gravy?
Hey, you wanna do a 68? You go down on me, and I’ll owe you one.
Hey, you’ve got a lawyer’s ass. Yip, it’s firm.
Hi, I’m the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back?
Hi, my name is ______________. I eat pussy like a woman.
Hi. I’m an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
Hi. I’m horny.
How about we play lion and lion tamer? You hold your mouth open, and I’ll give you the meat!
How about you let me clap them cheeks tonight?
How do you spell “me”? (M-E) You forgot the D (There’s no D in ME) Not yet ;)
Hypothetically speaking, if I were to fuck you, would you let me?
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
I can sense that you’re a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a little.
I can’t do magic but I can do you!
I don’t know what you think of me, but I hope it’s X-rated.
I don’t know you, and you don’t know me, but who’s to say it’s wrong if we sleep together?
I have a 13 inch dick. Remember that, there will be an oral exam later.
I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy.
I have a job for you, but it blows!
I have an oral fixation with giving oral gratification. If you are willing to receive I am more than willing to give.
I heard you are looking for a stud. I’ve got the STD, all I need is U.
I heard your ankles were having a party… want to invite your pants down?
I hope to God you can’t sing because I just wanna fuck you.
I hope you got a pet insurance, cause tonight I’m gonna destroy that pussy.
I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
I like every bone in your body, especially mine.
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
I love my bed but I’d rather be in yours.
I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I bet I can make your bed rock!
I might not go down in history, but I’ll go down on you!
I must be hunting treasure because I’m digging your chest
I named my dick “the truth” cause bitches can’t handle it!
I think I’m in heaven because you look like an angel. Can you take off your shirt so that I can check for wings?
I think that pick-up lines are for people with to much time on their hands. Let’s just f**k.
I wanna do dirty things with you – like farming.
I want you to be the girl who takes my virginity.
I would fuck you so hard, you’d learn from it.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put my dick in your mouth.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put the D in U!
If I had AIDS, would you have sex with me? [No] Well, I don’t, so let’s go.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
If I was hungry for crabs would you spread your legs for me?
If i were a planet I’d want to be Neptune so I can be right behind Uranus.
If I’m a pain in your ass… We can just add more lubricants.
If we were both squirrels, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
If you jingle my bells, you’ll have a white Christmas
If you talk to me, I’ll fuck you.
If you were a car, I’d wax you and ride you all over town.
If you were a squirrel, would you help me bust a nut?
If you were my waitress I wouldn’t just give you a tip, I’d give you the whole thing!
If your left leg was Christmas and your right was Thanksgiving, could I visit between the holidays?
If you’re feeling down, I can fill you up.
Is it cold in here, or are you just happy to see me.
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac’s in your bra?
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I’d love to tap that ass.
Is there a cellphone in your backpocket? Cause that ass is calling me!
Is you father a lumberjack [No, why?] Because when ever I look at you, I get wood in my pants.
It sure is hot and stuffy in here. Would you like to take a cold shower?
I`m no weatherman, but you can expect a few inches tonight.
I’d like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart…
I’d like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
I’d like to wrap your legs around my head and wear you like a feed bag.
I’d really like to see how you look when I’m naked.
I’d totally bang you in the alley… if I wasn’t on probation.
I’ll bet you $10 my dick can’t fit into your mouth.
I’ll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
I’ll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
I’ll suck you so hard that you’ll have to pick the sheets out of your ass when I’m finished.
I’ll treat you like my homework: Slam you on the table and do you all night long!
I’m a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
I’m a starving artist and I want to eat you.
I’m either going home with you or behind you, take your pick.
I’m hard. You wet?
I’m jealous of your heart because it’s beating inside you and I’m not.
I’m leaving this place … want to cum?
I’m like a Rubik’s Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
I’m like chocolate: I go straight to your ass!
I’m like Domino’s Pizza. If I don’t come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
I’m no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
I’m not an expert in hardware, but I know that you’d be able to screw my nuts off.
I’m not too good at algebra, but doesn’t U+I = 69?
I’m not trying to pressure you. I don’t want to have sex without mutual consent; oh and by the way, you have my consent.
I’m on fire. Can I run through your sprinkler?
I’m peanut butter, you’re jelly, let’s have sex.
I’m the doctor of love baby and you’re over due for your meat injection!
I’m the finger down your spine when all the lights go out.
I’ve got a condom with your name on it.
I’ve got a hummer and a vibrator. Which one do you want to test drive first?
I’ve got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
I’ve got the ship, you’ve got the harbor…what say we tie up for the night?
Just remember: To you, I am a virgin.
Just to let you know I eat the booty like groceries
Let me eat you for an hour. If you don’t want to have sex after that, we won’t.
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
Lets play titanic youll be the ocean and ill go down on you
Lets skip all the bull-shit lose our inhibitions and DO what we really came here to do.
Let’s bypass all the bullshit and just get naked.
Let’s have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Let’s just fuck.
Let’s not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let’s get to it.
Let’s play Barbie. I’ll be Ken and you can be the box I come in.
Let’s play Titanic. I’ll be the Iceberg you’ll go down on.
Life is like a dick. When it gets hard, “Fuck it”.
Life is short. Let’s f**k and see if there is anything after that.
Look at my lips and your lips. They want to massage each other.
Look out in the night sky. You see that bright light to the right of that red one? That is a comet that is streaking toward here at 34546 miles per hour. At that rate, it will be here in about an hour. So, wanna fuck?
Looks don’t matter, I’ll just wrap you in a flag and fuck you for glory.
Male: Hey, I don’t feel to good. Female: Why? Male: I feel like I have an elephant in my stomach. Female: What? Male: (looking down) I think his truck is already sticking out.
May i pleasure you with my tongue?
Mines bigger than his want proof?
Miss, If you’ve lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
My bed is broken. Can I sleep in yours?
my dick is so polite… it stands up so you can sit down.
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
My dick’s been feeling a little dead lately. Wanna give it some mouth-to-mouth?
My ex-girlfriend used to call me Goldfinger.
My face is leaving in fifteen minutes. Be on it.
My friend and I made a bet and I need to check if those are implants.
My name is Skittles… wanna taste my rainbow?
My name’s Pogo, d’ya wanna jump on my stick?
My place…..Eight o’clock……bring a friend.
My recipe for love is one cup of you, one cup of me, knead till hard, and serve hot.
Love is a sensation; caused by a temptation; to feel penetration; a guy sticks his location; in a girl's destination; to increase the population; for the next generation; did you get my explanation; or do you need a demonstration?
Nice fucking weather. Want to?
Nice legs, lets eat out.
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper?
Nice shoes, wanna fuck?
Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Nice tits, mind if i feel them?
Nice tits. Mind if I squeeze them?
Oh, you’re a bird watcher. [Pull out your dong] Well, would you take this for a swallow?
People call me John, but you can call me Tonight!
Person #1: hey, you wanna do a 68? Person #2: What? Person #1: You go down, and I’ll owe you one.
Pick a number between 1 and 10. You lose now take off your clothes.
Pizza is my second favourite thing to eat in bed.
Roses are black, violets are red, what is it going to take, to get you into bed?
Roses are red grass is greener when i think about you i play with my wiener
Roses are red, grass is green, you should come to the crib and fuck the team!
Roses are red, I have tons of class, therefore I am eating your ass!
Roses are red, violets are twisted, bend over you’re about to get fisted
Sex is a killer … want to die happy?.
Sex is evil; Evil is sin; Sin is forgiven; so let’s begin.
Show me your pussy!
Since we’ve been told to reduce waste these days, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire.
Sit on my face and let me get to ‘nose’ you better?
Sit on my lap and we’ll get things straight between us.
Smile, if you want to have sex with me.
So what are you doing for sex later?
So, what are the chances of my balls slappin’ your ass tonight?
That dress looks really good on you but, it would look better on my bedroom floor.
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap on my bedroom floor tomorrow morning.
That shirt’s very becoming on you. If I were on you, I’d be coming too.
That’s a nice shirt, can I take you out of it?
That’s a nice smile. It’d look better if it was all you were wearing!
The FBI wants to steal my pen. Can I hide it inside you?
The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to fck you on the floor.
There are 265 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
There are 8 planets in the universe, but only 7 after I destroy Uranus
They say a kiss is the language of love. Wanna have a conversation?
This isn’t a beer belly, it’s the fuel tank for my love machine!
Those hands look bored.. I got something they can work on.
Touch your toes and I will show u where the rocket goes!
Wanna fuck like bunnies?
Wanna play Army? I lay down and you blow the hell outta me.
Wanna play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
Wanna play “kite”? I lay down, you blow and we’ll see how high you can make me.
Wasn’t I supposed to eat you somewhere?
Were you born in a toilet? Because your the shit!
We’ll probably never see each other again, so let’s screw.
What are you doing tonight beside me?
What do I have to do to be your booty call?
What has four legs and doesn’t have the most beautiful girl on it? My bed. Want to fix that?
What is long and hard, and right behind you?
What time do you get off? Can I watch?
What's the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don't have a Ferrari.
What’ll you say we make like Winnie-the-poo and I can get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
When I saw you, I lost my tongue. Can I put yours in my mouth?
Which sex position produces the ugliest kids? (Idk, which?) Ask your parents!
Why don’t you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
Will you marry me for just one night?
Would you f*ck a stranger? – No?! – Then let me introduce myself, my name is ____
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
Wow! Are those real?
Write the following on a napkin and give it to a cute girl: “Smile if you want to have sex with me.” Watch her smile!
You are so selfish! You’re going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
You can call me mufasa cause I really want to lion you.
You got nice breasts, but what color are your nipples? Brown or Pink?.
You have eyes like spanners. When I look in to them, my nuts tighten.
You have pretty eyeballs. Of course they’d be better if they were eyeing my pretty balls.
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make up for certain shortages? Well, I don’t even own a car.
You know how your hair would look really good? [No.] In my lap.
You know what I like in a girl? [What?] My dick.
You know why I am like a squirrel? Cause I want to bury my nuts in you.
You know why they call me the cat whisperer? Cause I know exactly what that pussy needs.
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
You know, if I were you, I’d have sex with me.
You look familiar, have we had sex before?
You look so innocent, you look so sweet, as long as I have a face, you will always have a seat.
You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers.
You must be Medusa because you make me rock hard.
You remind me of my cousin. (How?) I want to fuck you so bad, but I know that I can’t.
You Say: I’m jealous of your dress. She says “Why?” You say: Because it’s touching your body, and I’m not.
You should join the circus.(Why?) So you can learn to juggle my balls all day.
You want to come over for Thanksgiving? Because I’m gonna stuff your turkey.
You work at a post office? Cause I saw you checking out my package.
You, me, handcuffs, and whipped cream: interested?
your ass is pretty tight, want me to loosen up?
Your body is a Wonderland an I’d like to be Alice
Your legs are like an Oreo, I wanna split them apart and eat everything in between.
Your smile is almost as big, warm, and lovely as my penis
Your so hot I could roast my meat on you, baby.
You’d mind if I fantasize about you?
You’re like my little toe, because I’m going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
You’re like Pringles once I pop you, I can’t stop you.
You’re on my list of things to do tonight.
You’re thicker than a snicker.
[Excuse me, do you have the time?] “Yes, do you have the energy?”
[Grab his/her tush.] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
[Take an ice cube to the bar, smash it, and say] “Now that I’ve broken the ice, will you sleep with me?”
[What are you doing?] I’m taking off my shoes. [Why?] So I can take off my pants.