(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
(Holds out hand) Hey I'm going for a walk. Will you hold this for me?
(She asks you the time) Its two flirty and the date's with you and me.
(Take a photo of her) I want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks like
8 Planets, 1 universe, 1.735 billion people, and I end up with you
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her " I will stop loving you when all the roses die"
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Are those diamonds real? [YES] I was talking about the ones in your eyes.
Are those pants on sale? Cause they're 100% off at my place!
Are u a sea lion? Because I want to sea u lion in my bed later!
Are you a 45-degree angle? Because you're a-cutie!
Are you a bad load of laundry? You make my pants feel two sizes too small.
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaaaaaam!
Are you a black hole? Because attraction grows and time distorts the closer i get to you.
Are you a blanket? cos I love it when you're on top of me.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you a campfire? Because you're hot and I want s'more.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us!
Are you a coconut? Cos I wanna smash you till the white stuff comes out.
Are you a daycare center? Because I want to put kids in you!
Are you a Disney princess? Cause you're cinderHella fine!
Are you a door? Because you are adoorable
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
Are you a girl scout? because you tie my heart in knots.
Are you a haunted house? Because I'm going to scream when I'm in you.
Are you a Hurricane [name]? Cause you're blowing me away.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a light switch? 'Cause you turn me on!
Are you a long structure used to restrict the flow of water across rivers and underwater streams? Because daaaaaaaaam!
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Are you a minecraft fence? cos i can't get over you
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
Are you a pie? Because I'd like a piece of you.
Are you a poster? Because I want to pin you on a wall
Are you a raisin? Cause you're raising my hopes for a kiss right about now.
Are you a sea lion? Because I can sea you lion in my bed tonight.
Are you a supermarket sample? Because I want to taste you again and again without any sense of shame.
Are you a thief? Cause I want you to steal my virginity tonight!
Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future!
Are you a tortilla? Because I want to flip you over and eat you out!
Are you a tower? Because eiffel for you!
Are you a trampoline? Because I want to bounce on you.
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Are you a volcano? Coz I lava you!
Are you accepting applications for your fan club?
Are you african? because you are a'frican babe
Are you an archaeologist? Because I've got a large bone for you to examine.
Are you an eco-friendly kind of girl? The condom in my pocket goes expires tomorrow, so why don't you help me use it?
Are you an elevator? Because I'll go up and down on you.
Are you an exam? Because I have been studying you like crazy.
Are you an interior decorator? ‘Cause when I saw you, the room became beautiful.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me eggcited.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
Are you Cinderella? Cause' I see that dress coming off at midnight!
Are you Dracula? You looked a little thirsty when you were looking at me.
Are you Franklin D Roosevelt because damn baby you a dime
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
Are you from Iraq? 'Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Are you from Japan? Cause I'm tryna get in Japanties.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you harembes enclosure? Cause i'll drop a kid inside of you!
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you Luke? Cause I'm Your Daddy
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Are you made of grapes? Cause you're fine as wine.
Are you mexican? Because you're my juan and only!
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Are you my homework? Because I'm not doing you, but I definitely should be.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Are you Netflix? because I Could Watch You For Hours.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you related to yoda because yodalicious!
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me!
Are you spaghetti? Because I want you to meat my balls
Are you sure you're not a parking ticket? Because you've got fine written all over you
Are you sure you're not an alien because you've just abducted my heart!
Are you terms and conditions? Cause whatever you say I'll always agree with you.
Are you the cure for Alzheimer's? Because you're unforgettable.
Are you the square root of -1 because you can't be real
Are you the sun? Because you're so beautiful it's blinding me.
are you today's date? cos you're 10/10
Are you undressing me with your eyes?!
Are you Wi-Fi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Are your eyes ike? Because i'm lost in them!
Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie!
Aside from being drop-dead gorgeous, what do you do for a living?
Aside from being extremely sexy, what else do you do for a living?
Aside from being so gorgeous and intelligent, what are your other attributes?
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find 'em hot and leave 'em wet!
Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's Kisses out of business.
Baby, you're body is like a hyperbola
Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you!
Be unique and different, say yes.
Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.
Call me shrek because i'm head ogre heels for you!
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Can I buy you a drink – or would you just prefer the five bucks?
Can I follow you where you're going right now? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams
Can I give you a hug to show you how soft my sweater is?
Can I give you a kiss? If you don't like it, you can return it.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Can you do me a favor? I need you to take down my number.
Can you do telekinesis? Because you've made a part of me move without even touching it.
Can you give me a tour of your body?
Can you help me with my science assignment? I need to know how to get to Uranus.
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!
Can you tell me what time you'll come back to my place, please?
Can you touch me? I want to tell my friends I was touched by an Angel.
Complete this sentence: "You, me, and ____."
Congratulations! You've been voted "Most Beautiful Girl In This Room" and the grand prize is a night with me!
Could I touch your belly button... from the inside?
Could you please step away from the bar? You're melting all the ice!
Damn girl is your name Wifi ? Because I'm feeling a connection!
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
Damn girl, your ass is bigger than my future!
Damn, I'm glad I'm not blind!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Did god take the thunder out the skys and put it in your thighs?!
Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? Because you look like a snack!
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Did you fart? 'Cause you just blew me away.
Did you get those pants for 50 percent off? They're 100 percent off at my place.
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Did you have Lucky Charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Did you hear that new Cardi B song? Want me to sing it to you?
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem just Wright for me!
Did you just come out of the oven? You're too hot to handle.
Did you know I am good with numbers? Give me yours so I can prove it to you.
Did you know my lips are like Skittles and you're about to taste the rainbow?
Did you know penguins stick to one partner their whole life? Would you like to be my penguin?
Did you make Santa's naughty list this year? You want to?
Did you send the invitation to the party between your legs by mail, or do you wanna give it to me in person?
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? 'Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Did you take your vitamin D today? Want to?
Did your license get suspended for driving all these girls crazy?
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Didn't I do your sister?
Dinner first, or can we go straight for dessert?
Do I have to sign for your package?
Do I know you from somewhere? Oh, that's right. My dreams.
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
Do you believe in evolution? Cause my homo is erectus.
Do you believe in karma? Because I know some good karma-sutra positions.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk past you again?
Do you drink soda? Because you look so-da-licious.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Do you have a Band-Aid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? Because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you have a shovel? 'Cause I'm diggin' that ass!
Do you have a shovel? Because I'm digging you.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a tan, or do you always look this hot?
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!
Do you have an eraser? Because I can't get you out of my mind.
Do you have an inhaler? Because you took my breath away!
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Do you have room for an extra tongue in your mouth?
Do you know CPR? Because you are taking my breath away!
Do you know how to differentiate? I'd love to lie tangent to your curves.
Do you know if there are any police around? Cause I'm about to steal your heart.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? [No] Wink.
Do you know what would look good on you? Me.
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Do you like bananas or blueberries? I want to know what kind of pancakes to make in the morning.
Do you like blueberries or strawberries, 'cause I want to know what kind of pancakes to order in the morning.
Do you like chicken? Sorry, I haven't got any, how about a cock?
Do you like coffee? Because I like you a latte.
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Do you like soda? Because I'd mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
Do you live in a cornfield? Cause I'm stalking you.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
Do you remember me? I'm the man of your dreams.
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Do you smoke pot because i have a kush on you.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Do you wanna do something that rhymes with 'Truck'?
Do you wanna make your mom happy? make her my mother-in-law 💕
Do you want to commit a sin for your next confessional?
Do you want to go on a ate? I'll give you the D later
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Do you work at Dick's? Because you're sporting the goods!
Do you work at NASA? I think your beauty is out of this world.
Does your name start with "C"? because I can "C" us getting down.
Does your watch have a second hand? I want to know how long it took for me to fall in love with you.
Don't ever change. Just get naked.
Don't you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? (Yes.) In that case, mind if I check your oil level?
Draw a line on a napkin and hand it to her. (She will ask " What is it?") A pickup line!
Even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Even though there aren't any stars out tonight, you're still shining like one
Excuse me can I borrow a quarter, it is an emergency. My mom told me to giver her a call the first time I fell in love.
Excuse me for interrupting and I'm not trying to make a pass, but you must be leaving the country if you're packing that much ass.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there! (What?) This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position.
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
Falling for you would be a very short trip.
Feel my shirt. Know what it's made of? Boyfriend material.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be Yourman.
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
Girl do you have a shovel in that back pocket? Cause I'm digging that ass!
Girl you so hot, if you had to enter Antarctica you'd cause a melt down.
Girl, are those space pants? Cause your butt is out of this world!
Girl, I'm jealous of your heart. 'Cause it's pumping inside you and I'm not.
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken!
Girls are sexy, guys are fine I'll be your six if you'll be my nine!
Give her 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say "I will stop loving you, when all the roses die"
Give me a bottle of wine and ill make you mine.
Give me your car keys so I can drive you crazy.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Guy pulls out a quarter; "if I flip this coin what are the chances of me getting head?"
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Have you been covered in bees recently? I just assumed, because you look sweeter than honey.
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘What's your sign?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you he needs my heart back.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
her: i have a boyfriend me: i have a math test her: what? me: i thought we were naming things we were going to cheat on
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Hey babe, how about a pizza and a f**k? [No] What's wrong, don't you like pizza?
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
Hey baby, let's play house, you can be the door and I'll slam you all night long!
Hey baby, you want to come to my house and work on your math skills? We can add the bed, subtract the cloths, divide the legs and multiply!
Hey baby. Why don't you come sit on my lap and we can talk about the first thing that pops up?
hey girl, are you a cop? cos you are probably not here for me, but i will act nervous anyway.
Hey girl, are you an architect? cos I can imagine building a relationship with you.
Hey girl, are you exercise? Because you're breathtaking.
Hey girl, are you murderer? Because your looks can kill.
Hey girl, did you drop something? [Uhhm, I don't think so.] I think you did – your standards. Hi, I'm [your name].
Hey girl, I would ask for netflix and chill but my mood says disney and kiss.
Hey girl, wanna be my hope? the ‘p' is silent tho..
Hey how many boyfriends have you had? (Like 10 I Think) Could I Make That 11?
Hey there, can you spare a few minutes for me to hit on you?
Hey! Are you garbage? I'll take you out!
Hey! My name is Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Hey! Wanna play war? (replies) WHAT? (you) Yea, I lay on the ground and you blow the fuck outta me!
hey, baby, you're so fine you make me stutter. Wha-wha-what's your name?"
Hey, do you have an inhaler? ‘Cause I heard you got that ass, ma!
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hey, I'm new in town.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Hey. I'm doing my thesis on the finer things in life. Can I interview you?
Hey. I'm Mr. Right. I heard you were looking for me.
Hey… Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under “Shazaam!”?
Hi there. Inheriting 50 million dollars doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart like I do.
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Hi, I'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, my name is [your name], but you can call me tonight or tomorrow.
Hi, my name is “Milk.” I'll do your body good.
Hi, sorry I don't have an opening line but since you have an opening and I have a line...
How do you spell "me"? (M-E) You forgot the D (There's no D in ME) Not yet ;)
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh… you just look hot to me.
How long do I have? (Huh? Until what?) Until you have to be back in heaven.
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice… Hi, I'm..
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
How was heaven when you left it?
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I am going to complain to Spotify about you not being this weeks hottest single.
I bet I can kiss you on the lips without touching you. (kiss her) oh.. seems like I lost the bet.
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
I can't do magic but I can do you!
I can't think of anyone else I'd rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I definitely know you from somewhere… I wouldn't have forgotten you.
I don't believe in love at first sight, but I'm willing to make an exception in your case
I don't have a library card, do you mind if I check you out?
I don't know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I don't know your name but I'm sure it is as beautiful as you are.
I don't really believe in love at first sight, until I saw you.
I don't think I want babies, but I wouldn't mind refining my baby-making technique with you.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
I got Hanukkah gelt in my pockets. Do you want to go get them?
I hate to see you go, but I love to watch you leave.
I have 206 bones in my body. Want to give me another one?
I have a pen, you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities.
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I have skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
I have to say “Hi” to the prettiest girl in the room… Can you help me say “Hi” to that girl over there?
I have to show you the prettiest girl I've ever seen. (show phone with frontcam)
I heard you are looking for a stud. I've got the STD, all I need is U.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
I hope you got a pet insurance, cause tonight I'm gonna destroy that pussy.
I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away!
I hope you like dragons, because I'll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I hope you're not a vegetarian, because I'd love to meat you.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness
I just wanna let you know how beautiful you are and was wondering if you could buy me a drink?
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
I just went to a fireworks shop and asked for their biggest bomb. they gave me a picture of you.
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that drink.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren't so shy, I'd tell you who.
I know we're not socks, but we make a great pair.
I know where they give out free drinks. [Where?] My House!
I know you like netflix and chill… but I'd rather hulu and do you
I know you're busy today but can you add me to your to-do list?
I like every bone in your body, especially mine.
I lost my keys… can I check your pants?
I lost my teddy bear can I sleep with you tonight?
I love my bed, but I'd rather be in yours.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I may not be a photographer, but I can totally picture us together.
I may not be fred flintstone but I can sure make your bed rock!
I may not be the best looking guy here but I am the only one talking to you.
I may not be what you want, but I am what you need.
I might not go down in history, but I'll go down on you!
I must be a beaver because I'm dying for your wood.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
I must be in heaven because I'm looking at an angel!
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I saw you girls from over there and just want to let you know that I'm taken.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I should call you Google, because you have everything I'm looking for.
I should charge you rent for all the time you spend in my mind.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
I think I'm in heaven because you look like an angel. Can you take off your shirt so that I can check for wings?
I think that pick-up lines are for people with to much time on their hands. Let's just f**k.
I think the gap between my fingers were meant for yours.
I think there's something wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
I thought happiness started with an H but mine starts with U
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I want our love to be like pi, irrational and never ending.
I want our love to be like the number Pi: irrational and never-ending.
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I want to write a poem on your body with my lips
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I was feeling very off today, but then you turned me on.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart... because mine was just stolen.
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I'm close I see heaven in your eyes.
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
I wish I was your differential because then I'd be touching all your curves.
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice.
I wish you were here to play "Simon Says" with me… in bed.
I would buy you a drink, but I'll be jealous of the glass.
I would like to be an integral, so I can be the area under your curves.
I would take you to the movies but they don't allow snacks
I'd love to be the devil on your shoulder and the devil on your lips.
I'd never play hide and seek with you, because someone like you is impossible to find
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I'll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast. Deal?
I'll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
I'll treat you like my homework: Slam you on the table and do you all night long!
I'm afraid of the dark… Will you sleep with me tonight?
I'm an adventurer and I want to explore you.
I'm feeling a little bit off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I'm glad I remembered to bring my library card. 'Cause I am totally checking you out!
I'm glad I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.
I'm going for a walk. Would you mind holding my hand?
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other girls look bad.
I'm good at algebra; I can replace your X and you wouldn't need to figure out Y.
I'm having trouble sleeping by myself. Can you sleep with me?
I'm in the mood for pizza. A pizza you, that is!
I'm just like a pore strip. Hard to get off, but extremely satisfied once you do.
I'm learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?
I'm like a Rubik's Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'm no electrician, but I can light up your day.
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
I'm no organ donor, but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
I'm no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
I'm not a dentist, but I bet I could give you a filling.
I'm not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
I'm not a weatherman, but you can expect a few more inches tonight.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
I'm not feeling myself today. Can I feel you instead?
I'm not into watching sunsets, but I'd love to see you go down.
I'm not too good at algebra, but doesn't U+I = 69?
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but…i'm the Batman.
I'm on top of things. Would you like to be one of them?
I'm peanut butter. You're jelly. Let's have sex.
I'm really glad I just bought life insurance, because when I saw you, my heart stopped.
I'm so lost. I was looking for your number.
I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
I've been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
I've got 1-ply, I've got 2-ply, but all I really want is your re-ply.
I've Got My Beady Eye Set On You
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
I've got the ship, you've got the harbor… what say we tie up for the night?
I've heard sex is a killer. Want to die happy?
I've seemed to have lost my number, can I have yours?
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
If being in love was illegal, will you be my partner in crime?
If Disney is the happiest place on Earth, in your arms is no doubt the happiest place in the universe.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put the D in U!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'U' and 'I' together.
If I Followed You Home, Would You Keep Me?
If I had 4 quarters to give to the 4 prettiest girls in the world, you would have a dollar.
If I had a dime for every time I tried to pick up a chick, I'd still be poor.
If I had a garden I'd put your tulips and my tulips together.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
If I had a rose for everytime I thought of you, I'd be walking through my garden forever.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I
If I had four quarters to give to the four prettiest women in the world, you would have a dollar!
If I had to choose between winning the lottery or you…
If I had to rate you out of 10 I'd give you a 9… because I am the one that you are missing!
If I told you you had a gorgeous body, would you hold it against me?
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to stare at you longer.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you﻿.
If I was the judge, I'd sentence you to my bed.
If I were a cat i'd spend all 9 lives with you.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
If I were the king, and you were the queen, in the cosmic game of chess, would you mate with me?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
If kisses were crowns you would be the queen of my heart
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If the world was made out of chicken, you would be a hot wing.
If women were boogers, I'd pick you first.
If women were trophies, you'd be first place!
If you and I were socks, we'd make a great pair!
If you jingle my bells, you'll have a white Christmas
If you look that good in clothes, you must look even better out of them.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you were a basketball, I'd never shoot. [Why?] Because I'd always miss you.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
If you were a burger at McDonald's, you'd be the McGorgeous.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If you were a dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
If you were a flower you'd be a damnnndelion
If you were a laser you would be set on stunning.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
If you were a new sandwich at McDonalds, you' de be called McGorgeous.
If you were a phaser on Star Trek, you'd be set to stun!
If you were a potato, you'd be a sweet one.
If you were a sea i would swim in you forever.
If you were a squirrel, would you help me bust a nut?
If you were a steak, you would be well done.
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
If you were a Transformer you'd be Optimus Fine!
If you were a vegetable, you would be a cute-cumber!
If you were a virus you would be CUTIE-19
If you were a Youtube ad I wouldn't skip.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
If you were my homework, I'd do you everyday.
If you were my waitress I wouldn't just give you a tip, I'd give you the whole thing!
If You Were Sprite, I'd Obey My Thirst!
If you were words on a page you'd be the fine print.
If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.
If You're Here, Who's Running Heaven?
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
If your left leg was Christmas and your right was Thanksgiving, could I visit between the holidays?
If your upper lip is Christmas and your lower lip is Thanksgiving, can I come visit some time in between?
In the words of the great Lizzo, I just took a DNA test, turns out I'm 100% your base.
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?
Is that a candy cane in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a ladder in your stockings or the stairway to heaven?
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Is there a cellphone in your backpocket? Cause that ass is calling me!
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
Is there an airport nearby, or was that just my heart taking off?
Is this the Hogwarts Express? Because it feels like you and I are headed somewhere magical.
Is you father a lumberjack [No, why?] Because when ever I look at you, I get wood in my pants.
Is your dad a jewel thief? because you're a real jem.
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You're A Blessing
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
Is your dad an art thief? Because you're a masterpiece.
Is your daddy a drug dealer? Because I think you look dope.
Is your face Mcdonalds? Cause im lovin it!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other.
Is your name Clause, cause you got Mrs. written all over you.
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Is your name Daniel? Cause DAMN!
Is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Is your name Gillette? Because you're the best a man can get!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name mickey? because your so FINE!
Is your name Pepsi cause' I've gotta have it.
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Is your name “swiffer”? ‘Cause you just swept me off my feet.
It's a good thing I have my library card because I am totally checking you out.
It's not my fault I fell in love, you're the one that tripped.
It's a new world order. Have your way with me.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
It's not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
It's not the size of the boat. It's the motion of the ocean.
I`m no weatherman, but you can expect a few inches tonight.
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
I'd really like to integrate over your total surface area
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
I'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
I'm going to need a tall glass of cold water, cuz baby your making me HOT!
I'm hung like a tic tac. Wanna freshen your breath?
I'm Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
I'm not happy in my current relationship. I'd like to do a u-substitution
I'm not staring, I'm just stuck in a loop.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I'm trying so hard not to kiss you right now.
I've got an alarm clock that makes the best sound in the morning. Would you like to come and hear it?
Just where do those legs of yours end?
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but fish can fly, right?
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but I think you want to be my next boyfriend.
Kissing is a language of love... so how about a conversation?
Knock knock who's there? Baby Yoda. Baby Yoda who? Baby Yoda one for me!
Knock-knock. (Who's there?) When where? (When where who?) Tomorrow night, my house, you.
Know what's on the menu? Me-N-U.
Let me guess, your middle name is Gillette, right? Because you're the best a man can get!
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
Let only latex stand between our love.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Let's get together and be the number Pi, endless and irrational.
Let's make out so I can see if you taste as good as you look!
Let's play a game, winner dates loser.
Let's play Barbie. I'll be Ken and you can be the box I come in.
Let's play carpenter! First, we'll get hammered, then I'll nail you.
Let's play Titanic. You'll be the iceberg and I'll go down.
Let's save water by taking a shower together.
Lets play titanic youll be the ocean and ill go down on you
Let's find out if we converge by taking each other to the limit.
Let's play hockey. I”ll be the net, and you can score.
Life is like a dick. When it gets hard, "Fuck it".
Life without you would be like a broken pencil… pointless.
Like Motel 6, I'll leave the light on for you.
Look I'm Just Trying To Drink Here, But You're Very Distracting.
Look out in the night sky. You see that bright light to the right of that red one? That is a comet that is streaking toward here at 34546 miles per hour. At that rate, it will be here in about an hour. So, wanna fuck?
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
Mario is red, Sonic is blue, will you be my player 2?
May I flirt with you?
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Mmmm, you bring new meaning to the word “edible”.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going… I just need eye contact from you.
Most people call me (your name), but you can call me tomorrow!
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Most people like to watch the Superbowl cuz it only happens once a year, but Id rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone like you only happens once in a lifetime
Much like Santa, I also have a gift for you in my sleigh.
My attraction to you is an inversed square law.
My bedroom has a very interesting ceiling.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
My doctor says i'm lacking Vitamin U
My doctor told me I have a vitamin D deficiency. Want to go back to my place and save me?
My eyes met many eyes but only got lost in yours.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't… I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
My friends bet I can't talk to the prettiest girl. Wanna use their money to buy drinks?
My Heart Forgets To Beat The Moment I See You.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
My love for you is like dividing by zero– it cannot be defined.
My love for you is like the energizer bunny, it keeps going and going….
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
My magical watch says you aren't wearing any panties. Oh, you are? It must be an hour fast!
my magical watch says you don't know who i am…
My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in?
My mom said she found a beautiful and intelligent girl for me. Is that you?
My mom thinks I'm gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
My name is [your here] but you can call me tonight!
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
my name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
My name's [your name]. Just so you know what to scream.
Nice dress. Can I talk you out of it?
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
Nice legs, lets eat out.
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper?
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are…gorgeous!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Obviously, I'd choose the money, but it'd be close. And I'd probably use a bunch of my money to woo you.
Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favourite.
Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
Oh! I lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Oh, yeah, [band name] is really great. . . I have all their rare stuff. You can come over to my place and tape it all if you want.
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
Pizza is my second favourite thing to eat in bed.
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me!
Please don't let this go to your head, but do you want some?
Please help, call the paramedics, she must have gotten hurt on her fall down from heaven.
Please tell your tits to stop looking at my eyes.
Poof! I'm here, what are your other two wishes?
Remember me? Oh, that's right, I've only met you in my dreams.
Roses are black, violets are red, what is it going to take, to get you into bed?
Roses are red and violets are blue there's nothing in the world more prettier than you
Roses are red grass is greener when i think about you i play with my wiener
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Roses are red violets are blue, I didn't know what perfect was until I met you
Roses are red violets are blue, I just wanna thank God, for he made you
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I'm around you
Roses are red, my face is too.. that only happens when I see you.
Roses are red, violets are blue (touch her gently) I have herpes, and now you too.
Roses are red, violets are blue – there's nothing in this world prettier than you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Antarctica is hot compared to you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm not that pretty but damn look at you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, it would be a shame if I couldn't date you!
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, you can be my Cinderella, I'll even give you a shoe
Roses are red, violets are twisted, bend over you're about to get fisted
Roses are red, violets will never be blue, but damn, look at you!
Roses are red. violets are blue. I'm coming home with you.
Roses are red. violets are fine. You be the six. I'll be the nine.
Save water, shower with a friend!
Say, did we go to different schools together?
Say, that's a nice dress, can I talk you out of it?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I'm cute.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
See those gaps between your fingers… they're for my fingers to slip in
Sex is evil; Evil is sin; Sin is forgiven; so let's begin.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Since we've been told to reduce waste these days, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire.
Sir, I'm going to need you to step away from the bar. You're melting all the ice.
Smile, if you want to have sex with me.
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you're killing me!
So as long as we're in the theatre… why don't we get some play?
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
So, how do you like 4th grade?
So, I see you eat with utensils. Well, I've got one that I'm just dying to put in your drawers.
So, you must be the reason men fall in love.
Somebody better call God, because he's missing an angel.
Somebody call the cops, because it's got to be illegal to look that good!
Somebody needs to call the bomb squad, because you're the bomb!
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
Something's wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Sorry, I can't hold on… I've already fallen for you.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Thank god I have life insurance. Because you make my heart stop.
That dress looks great on you
That dress looks really good on you but, it would look better on my bedroom floor.
That shirt looks great on you… as a matter of fact, so would I.
That shirt's very becoming on you. If I were on you, I'd be coming too.
That's a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
That's a nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
The drink: $6. The room: $100. The night with you?: Priceless.
The more I drink, the prettier you get
The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to fck you on the floor.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
There are 8 planets in the universe, but only 7 after I destroy Uranus
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to mount.
There are so many types of art but you are my favorite.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
There isn't a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
There must be a light switch on my forehead because every time I see you, you turn me on!
There must be something wrong with my eyes. I can't take them off you.
There's only one thing I want to change about you. Your last name.
They say a girls best friend are her legs. But even the best of friends sometimes have to part.
They say that kissing is a language of love, so would you mind starting a conversation with me?
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
This might seem corny, but you're making me horny.
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, "Particularly nice weather."
Tonight this Han doesn't want to fly Solo.
Touch your toes and I will show u where the rocket goes!
Treat me like a pirate and give me that booty.
twinkle twinkle little star, we can do it in my car
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Wanna couple our equations tonight?
Wanna expand my polynomial?
Wanna go light my menorah?
Wanna play "kite"? I lay down, you blow and we'll see how high you can make me.
Wanna play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
Wanna share your side of the bed tonight?
Want a raisin? No? Well, how about a date?
Want to go half on a baby?
Want to know what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
Want to play conductor? You be the engineer and I'll go choo-choo.
Want to play lion? (She asks, “What's that?”) That's where you get down on all fours and growl like a lion while I feed you the meat!
Want to save water by showering together?
Want to spin my dreidels?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your Dad a baker? Because you've got a nice set of buns.
Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you're a knockout!
Was your dad a farmer? Cause you sure have great melons.
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Was your father a welder? No, why? Because those sure are acetylene tits!
We were both born without clothes.
We're not socks, but I think we'd make a great pair.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Were do you hide your wings?
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
What are you doing tonight beside me?
What did you say your name was? I want to make sure I'm screaming the right name tonight.
What do you want for Christmas? A date with you!
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
What has four legs and doesn't have the most beautiful girl on it? My bed. Want to fix that?
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What is a nice person like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What is your favorite color? [Color] Mine too! Seems like we are soulmates.
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
What's wrong? You're looking a little sad and gloomy. What you need is some Vitamin Me.
When God made you, he was showing off.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world in which I want to be.
When I saw you, I lost my tongue. Can I put yours in my mouth?
When I text you goodnight later, what phone number should I use?
When I was walking by, I noticed you stalking so.. what's up?
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
Where do you hide your wings?
Where have I seen you before? Oh yeah, I remember now. It was in the dictionary next to the word "gorgeous"!
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Why would I want to look at the stars when I can look in your eyes?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the 'd' cause you'll get that later!
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
With school, I just want an A. With you, I just want to F.
Would you grab my arm? I want to tell my friends I've been touched by an angel
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
Ya know, I was feeling a little off today. But you've turned me on.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're super hot, and we belong together.
You are absolutely, astoundingly gorgeous, and that's the least interesting thing about you.
You are as beautiful as 1.618.
You are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You are so selfish. You're going to have that body for the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
You are that "nothing" when people ask me what I am thinking about.
You are the base of my trapezoid.
You are the solution to all of my equations.
You are the square to my root.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
You fascinate me more than the fundamental theorem of calculus.
You have eyes like spanners. When I look in to them, my nuts tighten.
You have to attend my wedding when I get married because the wedding can't go on without the bride.
You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
You know what winks and then screws like a tiger? (Wink)
you know what you would really look beautiful in? my arms.
You know what's beautiful? Read the first word.
You know what's on the menu? ME-N-U
You know what's the cutest thing I've ever seen…? Read the first word again.
You know what? Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
You know why they call me the cat whisperer? Cause I know exactly what that pussy needs.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment… Want to help prove him wrong?
You know, if I were you, I'd have sex with me.
You know, sweetie, my lips won't just kiss themselves…
You like maths? Cause I want to ADD to you my life, SUBTRACT your clothes, DIVIDE your legs and MULTIPLY ourselves.
You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You look familiar, didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
You look great right now. Do you know what else would look great on you? Me!
You look ill. You must be suffering form a lack of Vitamin ME.
You look like my mom!
You look like my second wife! And I've only been married once!
You look so familiar. Didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
You look so innocent, you look so sweet, as long as I have a face, you will always have a seat.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… is in love with me.
You might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.
You must be a bank loan, cause you've got my interest.
You must be a broom, 'cause you just swept me off my feet.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a high test score. Because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
You must be a magician. Because any time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
You must be exhausted, because you've been running through my mind all day.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
You must be jelly, cause jam don't shake like that.
You must be made of cheese. Because you're looking Gouda tonight!
You must be Medusa because you make me rock hard.
You must be the reason for global warming, because you're just that hot.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
You must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
You MUST have a nice personality.
You owe me a drink. Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine!
You remind me of an overdue library book, cause you got Fine written all over you.
You remind me of the 21 letters in the Alphabet (She: there 26 letters) Oh I forgot the U R A Q T
You say, “So, did you here the one about the guy and the girl who had the most sexual relationship?” The reply, “No”. You respond, “Well then, let's go to my place and I'll tell you all about it.”
You Say: I'm jealous of your dress. She says "Why?" You say: Because it's touching your body, and I'm not.
You should stop drinking! (Why?) Because you are driving me home.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
You wanna know what's big? (Pause) My house you weirdo!
You want to come over for Thanksgiving? Because I'm gonna stuff your turkey.
You work at a post office? Cause I saw you checking out my package.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
You're like my little toe, because I'm going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
You're like my menorah's candles… getting hotter every day.
You're like my own personal brand of heroin.
You're like pizza. Even when you're bad, you're good.
You're like Pringles once I pop you, I can't stop you.
You're on my list of things to do tonight.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pick-up line.
You're so hot, my zipper is falling for you.
You're so sweet, you could put Hershey's out of business!
You're so sweet, you're giving me a toothache.
You're that "nothing" when people ask me what I'm thinking about.
You're under arrest for disturbing the peace in my pants!
Your body is 70 percent water… and I'm thirsty.
Your body is 75% water, and I'm thirsty.
Your body is a Wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice
Your butt is nice but it would be nicer if it was on my lap.
Your clothes look so uncomfortable. Why don't you let me help you take them off?
Your daddy must be a drug dealer, cuz you're dope.
Your eyes are as clear as an ocean. I can already see your soul.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic Ocean, and I don't mind being lost at sea.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Your face [Pause] I like that shit!
Your hand looks heavy. Here, lemme hold it for you.
Your legs are like an Oreo, I wanna split them apart and eat everything in between.
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Your lips look lonely, would they like to meet mine?
Your lungs must be fucked up cos you're smokin' hot!
Your middle name must be Gillette. Because you're the best a man can get!
Your mom must be chicken cause you look eggcellent!
Your mom was pretty good, so I figured you would be too.
Your name must be Coca-Cola, because you're so-da-licious.
Your outfit would look great on my bedroom floor.
Your parents must be terrorists, because they made a bomb.
Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.
Your smile lit up the room so I had to come over.
You're so cute its distracting
You're pretty. I'm pretty. Let's go back to my place and stare at each other for a while.
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, “What are you doing?” You respond: “Yep! Made in heaven!”
“I have a boyfriend” – Well you look like the kind of girl who could use two
⚾ Sorry I hit my ball into your DMs