A portal to another world opens in front of you. You don't know how long it will stay open or if you'll be able to get back after you go through. What do you do?
Among your friends or family, what are you famous for?
An app mysteriously appears on your phone that does something amazing. What does it do?
An epic feast is held in your honor, what's on the table?
Are all individuals morally obligated to save another person's life if they are able? What if that person lives in another country?
Are bigger or smaller schools better?
Are intelligence and happiness tied together in any way? If you are highly intelligent, is it more likely that you'll be more, or less happy?
Are intentions or outcomes more important when judging whether actions are moral?
Are people ethically obligated to improve themselves?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
Are there limits to human creativity?
Are you a saver or a spender?
Are you a very organized person?
Are you usually early or late?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn't as awesome as you thought it would be?
As the only human left on Earth, what would you do?
As you get older, what are you becoming more and more afraid of?
Assuming evolution is correct, do you think that if humans went extinct another species as intelligent as humans would evolve? If life exists long enough on a planet, is intelligence and consciousness inevitable?
At what point is a technologically enhanced human not a human anymore?
At what point is overthrowing a government ethical, considering all the violence a revolution usually entails?
But there are a ton of other questions on the site that you might enjoy!
By what standards do you judge yourself?
Can a society exist without laws?
Can animals have morals?
Can human nature be changed? Should it be changed?
Can morality ever be objective or is it always subjective? If it can be objective, in what instances? If it's always subjective, how do we decide whose concept of morality is correct?
Can rational thought exist without language?
Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a piece of technology that has only made the world better?
Considering that the technology exists to enable a real democracy, would a true democracy (every single person can vote on every single legislation) be advantageous or detrimental?
Did your family take seasonal vacations?
Do all people have equal value regardless of their actions or is a person's value based on their actions?
Do animals have rights and do those rights extend to all animals or do the rights change based on the complexity of the animal?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
Do business owners have the right to refuse service to customers?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Do people in wealthier countries have a moral obligation to help those in poorer countries?
Do you always have to have the latest phone?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in soul mates?
Do you care about fashion? What style of clothes do you usually wear?
Do you eat food that's past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?
Do you experience phantom vibration? (Feeling your phone vibrate even though it didn't.)
Do you experience phantom vibration? (Feeling your phone vibrate even though it didn't.)
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you know what your your name means?
Do you like classical music?
Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?
Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?
Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?
Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?
Do you like spicy food? Why or why not? What is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?
Do you play any instruments?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play in any fantasy sports leagues? If so, how into fantasy sports are you?
Do you play sports video games? Which ones? Is playing the video game or playing the sport more fun? Why?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?
Do you prefer short hair or long hair on a guy/girl?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?
Do you text more or call more? Why?
Do you think people read more or fewer books now than 50 years ago?
Do you think that aliens exist?
Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents?
Do you think that humans will ever be able to live together in harmony?
Do you think the singularity will occur? If so, what time frame do you think it will happen in?
Do you think there will ever be a global government? If a world government did come to power, assuming it wasn't particularly cruel or evil, would it be a good or bad thing?
Do you usually achieve the goals you set? Why or why not?
Do you wish there were more or fewer holidays? Why?
Does a person's name influence the person they become?
Does absolute power corrupt absolutely?
Does anonymity encourage people to misbehave or does it reveal how people would choose to act all the time if they could?
Does fashion help society in any way?
Does fate exist? If so, do we have free will?
Does hardship make a person stronger? If so, under what conditions and at what point is it too much hardship? If not, what makes a person stronger?
Does having a day off for a holiday increase or decrease productivity at work?
Does jealously have value in driving humans to improve themselves or is it a purely negative emotion?
Does knowledge have intrinsic value or does it need to have a practical use to have value?
Does marriage as an institution need to be updated or is it fine how it is?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
Does the government have a place in regulating food? To what extent should government regulate food?
Does the modern age make global conspiracies more or less feasible?
Does the study of philosophy ever lead to answers or simply more questions?
Education should be free
Given a scale from completely human to completely machine, how far would you choose to augment yourself with robotics? What parts would you augment and why?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
Has social media been a net positive or a net negative for our society? Why?
Has the invention of the atomic bomb made the world a more peaceful place?
Have you ever been in love?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
Have you ever given to any charities?
Have you ever saved an animal's life? How about a person's life?
Have you ever saved an animal's life? How about a person's life?
Have you ever saved someone's life?
Have you traveled to any different countries? Which ones?
Have your parents influenced what goals you have?
How ambitious are you?
How can governments make education more efficient?
How can technology improve education? Can it hurt education?
How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?
How conscious do you think animals are?
How different was your life one year ago?
How do clothes change how the opposite sex views a person?
How do you define consciousness?
How do you feel about putting pineapple on pizza?
How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?
How do you get in the way of your own success?
How do you hope you'll change as a person in the future?
How do you judge a person?
How do you make yourself sleep when you can't seem to get to sleep?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
How do you relax after a hard day of work?
How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
How does this human trait of morality dependent on distance shape our world?
How far should governments go to prevent its citizens from causing harm to themselves?
How fast do you read?
How has technology changed the music industry?
How has the education you received changed your life?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
How have your goals changed over your life?
How important is play in living a healthy and fulfilling life?
How likely do you think it will be that humans will last another 1,000 years without killing ourselves off?
How long will you be remembered after you die?
How many apps do you have on your phone?
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?
How much do you plan / prepare for the future?
How much do you plan for the future?
How much do you think names affect the outcomes of people's lives?
How much does language affect our thinking?
How much effort should an individual put into not offending others?
How much of your body would you cybernetically enhance if you could?
How much privacy are you willing to sacrifice for safety?
How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?
How much time do you spend watching sports in a week?
How often do you binge watch shows?
How often do you check your phone?
How often do you curse? And what's your go-to string of curse words?
How often do you curse? And what's your go-to string of curse words?
How often do you exercise?
How often do you go to the library?
How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
How often do you people watch?
How often do you play sports?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
How replaceable are you?
How should success be measured? And by that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?
How should we measure the productivity of a society?
How will humans as a species go extinct?
How would humanity change if all humans' life expectancy was significantly increased (let's say to around 500 years)?
How would society change if men were able to get pregnant and men and women both had an equal chance of getting pregnant?
How would the world change if there was an accurate measure of aptitude?
How would you define genius?
How would your country change if everyone, regardless of age, could vote?
I am curious to know your story.
If I steal a loaf of bread from you and eat it, when does the bread itself cease to be yours and becomes mine?
If a child somehow survived and grew up in the wilderness without any human contact, how "human" would they be without the influence of society and culture?
If a robust and cheap genetic engineering industry existed, would you have your genes edited? If so, what genetic changes would you choose to make? If not, why not?
If all humans want the same basic things, why is there so much violence and strife between people?
If all jobs had the same pay and hours, what job would you like to have?
If all your memories were erased, what kind of person would you be?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
If babies are considered innocent, when do people cease to be innocent?
If cartoon physics suddenly replaced real physics, what are some things you would want to try?
If doing something good for others makes us feel good, can there ever be such a thing as pure altruism?
If every neuron in a human was accurately simulated in a computer, would it result in human consciousness?
If everyone said what they were actually thinking, what would happen to society?
If freedom is simply being able to do what you want, are animals freer than humans?
If humanity was put on trial by an advanced race of aliens, how would you defend humanity and argue for its continued existence?
If it was discovered that most animals were conscious of their existence and eventual death, what would be the ramifications of that discovery?
If it was discovered that personality traits were partly genetic and could be removed with gene therapy, would it be ethical to edit out negative character traits that harm others like extreme aggression, compulsive lying, or cruelty?
If language influences how we perceive color, what other things could languages be changing our perception of?
If life is a game like some people say, what are some of the rules?
If life were a video game, what would some of the cheat codes be?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
If money and practicality weren't a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
If over time you replace parts on a car, at what point does it stop being the same car you bought? How many parts do you need to replace to make it a new car?
If peanut butter wasn't called peanut butter, what would it be called?
If people receive a purple heart for bravery, what would other color hearts represent?
If scientists could accurately predict who was more likely to commit crimes, what should society do with that information?
If some of the lesser-known holidays were commercialized, what would the commercialization look like?
If someone asked to be your apprentice and learn all that you know, what would you teach them?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
If the all the States in the USA were represented by food, what food would each state be represented by?
If the transporters in Star Trek existed and you used it, your particles would be disassembled and then reassembled, do you die every single time? Are you ever alive at two places at once? Are you ever completely dead?
If the universe is finite, what would beyond the edge of the universe be like?
If there existed a perfect clone of you, would it also be you? Would it act in exactly the same manner as you (like a mirror) or would it act differently? If it acted differently then would it still be you? At what point would it not be you?
If there was a book of commandments for the modern world, what would some of the rules be?
If we could control emotions through technology, should we?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
If you can save another's life and don't because doing so would break the law, are you ethically justified in your decision?
If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?
If you could become immortal on the condition you would NEVER be able to die or kill yourself, would you choose immortality?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
If you could call up anyone in the world and have a one-hour conversation, who would you call?
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one point in time, what would that thing be?
If you could go back one year in time, what would you do differently?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
If you could have a never-ending candle that smelled like anything you wanted, what fragrance would you want it to be?
If you could have a video of anyone event in your life, what event would you choose?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
If you could know the truth behind every conspiracy, but you would instantly die if you hinted that you knew the truth, would you want to know?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you could make a 20-second phone call to yourself at any point in your life present or future, when would you call and what would you say?
If you could make a holiday, what would it be like? What traditions would it have? What would people eat on your holiday?
If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you make?
If you could meet anyone in history, who would it be?
If you could press a button and receive a million dollars, but one stranger would die, would you press the button? And if so, how many times?
If you could start a country from scratch, what would it be like?
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?
If you could talk to animals and they would understand you, but you couldn't understand them, what would you do with that power?
If you could teach everyone in the world one concept, what concept would have the biggest positive impact on humanity?
If you could turn any activity into an Olympic sport, what would you have a good chance at winning a medal for?
If you couldn't be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
If you didn't care at all what people thought of you, what clothes would you wear?
If you didn't care at all what people thought of you, what clothes would you wear?
If you didn't have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?
If you die and find out that everyone gets to choose a twelve-foot by twelve-foot square to stay in alone for eternity without being able to influence or contact the living world, what twelve-foot by twelve-foot square would you choose?
If you had $10 million, would you still be working/going to school?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choosing, what event would you want it to countdown to?
If you had a giraffe that you needed to hide, where would you hide it?
If you had a personal flag, what would be on it?
If you had a personal mascot, what would your mascot be?
If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
If you had to disappear and start a whole new life, what would you want your new life to look like?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?
If you had to guess, what do you think would be the most likely way you'll die?
If you had unlimited funds to build a house that you would live in for the rest of your life, what would the finished house be like?
If you lived in a virtual reality world of your own creation, what would it look like?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
If you owned a restaurant, what kind of food would it serve?
If you suddenly became a master at woodworking, what would you make?
If you wanted to slowly drive a roommate insane using only notes, what kind of notes would you leave around the house?
If you were a clown themed super hero, what powers would you have?
If you were a ghost and could possess people, what would you make them do?
If you were a king/queen, what would your throne look like?
If you were arrested with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
If you were dictator of a small island nation, what crazy dictator stuff would you do?
If you were forced to relive one 10-minute block of your life again and again for all eternity, what 10 minutes of your life would you choose?
If you were given a PhD degree, but had no more knowledge of the subject of the degree besides what you have now, what degree would you want to be given to you?
If you were given a one-minute ad slot during the Super Bowl that you couldn't sell, what would you fill it with?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn't need to pay taxes on but couldn't sell, what would you do with it?
If you were given the ability to reform how your country's leaders were chosen and how they serve, what would you change?
If you were given unlimited resources, how would you lure the worst of humanity into one stadium at the same time?
If you were held at gun point and told that if you didn't impress them with your dance moves you would be killed, what dance moves would you bust out?
If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?
If you were in charge renaming things so that their names would be more accurate, what names would you come up with?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?
If you were put into solitary confinement for six months, what would you do to stay sane?
If you were transported 400 years into the past with no clothes or anything else, how would you prove that you were from the future?
If you were wrongfully put into an insane asylum, how would you convince them that you're actually sane and not just pretending to be sane?
If your childhood had a smell, what would it be?
If your five-year-old self suddenly found themselves inhabiting your current body, what would your five-year-old self do first?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
If your life was a book, what would its title be?
If your life was a meal, what would kind of meal would it be?
If your mind were an island, what would it look like?
In 40 years, what will people be nostalgic for?
In an ideal government, what should a good citizen provide to their government and what should that government provide that good citizen?
In one sentence, how would you sum up the internet?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
In what situation or place would you feel the most out of place?
In what situations, do you wish you could throw down a smoke bomb and disappear?
In your group of friends, what role do you play?
Is a hotdog a sandwich? Why or why not?
Is a life that focuses on avoiding pain and seeking out pleasure a good and worthwhile life? Why or why not?
Is a sense of humor a byproduct of consciousness or something else entirely?
Is cereal soup? Why or why not?
Is free will real or just an illusion?
Is happiness just chemicals flowing through your brain or something more?
Is hierarchy necessary for all successful human communities?
Is humanity headed in the right or wrong direction?
Is intelligence or wisdom more useful?
Is it be possible for humans to create something completely novel and new that is based on nothing that previously existed? Or is human creativity just rearranging and building on previous ideas?
Is it better for a person to have a broad knowledge base or a deep knowledge base?
Is it better to be a big fish in a small pond or a small fish in a big pond?
Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?
Is it just and right to deny entry to a country when doing so probably means death for the immigrant and their family?
Is it more important to help yourself, help your family, help your society, or help the world?
Is it more or less difficult to be successful in the modern world than it was in the past (10, 50, 100, or 1,000 years ago)?
Is it possible for a human to fathom the true depths of reality and existence?
Is it possible that some animals are self-aware and think about their ability to think?
Is it possible that someone's genes might affect their political leanings? If no, why not? If so, what would be the ramifications?
Is it possible to live a normal life and not ever tell a lie?
Is it possible to prove that other people besides yourself have consciousness?
Is it right or wrong that everyone seems to be accustomed to the fact that all of humanity and most of the life on Earth could be wiped out at the whim of a handful of people?
Is justice a human construct or is it independent of humans?
Is math something that humans created or something we discovered? Is looking at reality mathematically an accurate representation of how things work?
Is poverty in society inevitable?
Is privacy a right?
Is some degree of censorship necessary?
Is suffering a necessary part of the human condition? What would people who never suffered be like?
Is teaching a skill that can be taught?
Is technological advancement a net positive or a net negative?
Is technological progress inevitable as long as humans exist or can it be stopped?
Is the concept of "you" continuous or does past "you" continually fade into present and future "you"? In other words, what part of "you" sticks around over time considering that the atoms that make up your body are constantly being replaced and your memories are always changing?
Is the cultural trend of individualism and the rejection of collectivism a beneficial or detrimental trend?
Is the human tendency to create groups an overall positive or a negative trait in terms of general human flourishing?
Is the meaning of life the same for animals and humans?
Is there a limit to what humans can create through technology and science?
Is there a meaning to life? If so, what is it?
Is there inherent order in nature or is it all chaos and chance?
Is this something temporary and our minds will adapt and begin to understand this new reality or is it possible that the human mind will soon reach its limits of comprehension? If it's only temporary, is there is a limit to what the human mind can comprehend? If we are reaching our limits, how do we continue to study our reality?
Is true artificial intelligence possible with our current technology and methods of programming?
Now that indie publishing has become easier, have books gotten better or worse?
Now, what would be the absolute worst brand name for one of those products?
Pollution due to Urbanization
Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s, streaming. Which did you grow up with? What is good and bad about each?
Selling Tobacco should be banned
Should Students get limited access to the Internet?
Should euthanasia be legal? Why or why not?
Should full access to the internet be a fundamental human right?
Should kidneys be able to be bought and sold?
Should plastic be banned?
Should smoking in public places be banned?
Should tax payers have the option to explicitly say what they don't want their tax dollars spent on?
Should there be limitations on the right to free speech?
Should we terraform planets if it means that we may be destroying undiscovered microscopic alien life?
So, which of your beliefs are most likely to be wrong and which are most liable to be true?
Talk about some of the interesting people you have met while traveling.
Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?
Tell me about your latest work win.
The world has become infested with rabid dogs with the intelligence of a 5-year-old, where do you hole up to survive the "a-pup-calypse"?
Think of a brand, now what would an honest slogan for that brand be?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?
Toilet paper, over or under?
Under our government are there any rights that you have but shouldn't? How about rights you don't have but should?
Was the agricultural revolution and the explosion of civilizations that came from it an overall good thing for humans or a negative? In other words, would it have been better or worse for people to stay in small tribes?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
Were you the class clown or teacher's pet?
What TV or YouTube channel doesn't exist but really should?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?
What actions in your life will have the longest reaching consequences? How long will those effects be felt?
What activities cause you to feel like you are living life to the fullest?
What actors or actresses can't play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
What age do you want to live to?
What age do you wish you could permanently be?
What always cheers you up when you think about it?
What amazing thing did you do that no one was around to see?
What animal is the most majestic?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?
What animal would you most like to eat?
What annoys you most about the in-groups you are a part of?
What app can you not believe someone hasn't made yet?
What are some clever examples of misdirection you've seen?
What are some fun and interesting alternatives to war that countries could settle their differences with?
What are some fun ways to answer everyday questions like "how's it going" or "what do you do"?
What are some goals you have already achieved?
What are some goals you have failed to accomplish?
What are some good and bad things about the education system in your country?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What are some of the best vacations you've had?
What are some of the dumbest lyrics you've heard in a song?
What are some of the events in your life that made you who you are?
What are some of the most common misconceptions?
What are some of the nicknames you have for customers or coworkers?
What are some of your personal "rules" that you never break?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
What are some small things that make your day better?
What are some strange beliefs that some people have?
What are some things that are okay to occasionally do but definitely not okay to do every day?
What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults?
What are some things that you should not say during a job interview?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What are some things you've had to unlearn?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of diversity in society?
What are the biggest moral dilemmas your country is facing now?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What are the top three things you want to accomplish before you die? How close are you to accomplishing them?
What are the two types?
What are the unwritten rules of where you work?
What are three interesting facts about you?
What are three of the most significant numbers in your life?
What are you absolutely determined to do?
What are you addicted to?
What are you afraid people see when they look at you?
What are you best at?
What are you capable of achieving?
What are you currently worried about?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What are you going to do with the one life you have?
What are you interested in that most people aren't?
What are you interested in that most people haven't heard of?
What are you looking forward to in the coming months?
What are you most insecure about?
What are you most likely to become famous for?
What are you most likely very wrong about?
What are you most looking forward to in the next 10 years?
What are you really good at, but kind of embarrassed that you are good at it?
What are your goals for the next two years?
What are your most important rules when going on a date?
What are your plans for this weekend?
What are your turn offs?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
What awful movie do you love?
What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?
What bends your mind every time you think about it?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
What benefits does art provide society? Does art hurt society in any way?
What big event do you think will happen soon that most people aren't expecting?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
What book genres do you like to read?
What book has changed one of your long-held opinions?
What book has had the biggest effect on the modern world?
What book has influenced you the most?
What book impacted you the most?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What bridges do you NOT regret burning?
What can I do to help you achieve [X goal]?
What can you not get right, no matter how many times you try?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What causes the most harm in the world, but is completely avoidable?
What celebrity would you rate as a perfect 10?
What challenging thing are you working through these days?
What chance encounter changed your life forever?
What chapters would you separate your autobiography into?
What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn't fit the role?
What city would you most like to live in?
What company do you despise?
What could you do with two million dollars to impact the most amount of people?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
What countries have you traveled to?
What country is the strangest?
What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?
What current trend makes no sense to you?
What defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? How about video game tournaments?
What did you Google last?
What did you believe for way too long as a child?
What did you do on your last vacation?
What did you do on your most recent birthday?
What did you do this past weekend?
What did you eat so much of that now you hate it?
What did you like / dislike about where you grew up?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What did you think you would grow out of but haven't?
What did you want to grow up to be when you were younger?
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
What do a lot of people hope will happen but is just not going to happen?
What do app makers do that really annoys you?
What do people think is weird about you?
What do you attribute the biggest successes in your life to? How about your largest failures?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
What do you consider to be your best find?
What do you contribute back to society?
What do you do for a living?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What do you do to make the world a better place?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?
What do you do when you're bored?
What do you do with it?
What do you do?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What do you get every time you go grocery shopping?
What do you hate most and love most about your car?
What do you have doubts about?
What do you hope never changes?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
What do you hope your last words will be?
What do you know about the history of some holidays?
What do you like most about your family?
What do you like to do in the spring?
What do you like to do in your spare time?
What do you like to do to relax?
What do you look for in a guy/girl?
What do you most often look down on people for? What do you think other people look down on you for?
What do you need help with most often?
What do you regret not doing or starting when you were younger?
What do you regret not doing?
What do you spend the most time thinking about?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What do you take for granted?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What do you think about reality TV? Why do you think it's so popular?
What do you think about reality TV? Why do you think it's so popular?
What do you think about when you hear the word "classy"?
What do you think could be done to improve the media?
What do you think existed before the universe was created?
What do you think of buffets?
What do you think of homeschooling?
What do you think of online education?
What do you think of standardized tests?
What do you think of staycations? (Vacationing and seeing tourist attractions where you live.)
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
What do you think of tour group packages?
What do you think the long-term effects of so many people being glued to their screens will be?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
What do you think would be humanity's reaction to the discovery of extraterrestrial life?
What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What do you think your future self will remember about you now?
What do you want to be remembered for?
What do you want to do when you grow up?
What do you want your epitaph to be?
What do you wish you could tell yourself 10 years ago? What do you think you'll want to tell your current self 10 years from now?
What do you wish you knew more about?
What do you wish your brain was better at doing?
What do you wish your phone could do?
What does it do?
What does it mean to live a good life?
What does the opposite sex do that you wish that you could do, but it's not anatomically feasible or it's socially frowned upon?
What does your own personal hell look like? How about your own personal heaven?
What dumb accomplishment are you most proud of?
What elements of pop culture will be forever tied in your mind to your childhood?
What escalated very quickly?
What fact are you resigned to?
What fad or trend do you hope comes back?
What fashion trend makes you cringe or laugh every time you see it?
What fictional character is amazing in their book / show / movie, but would be insufferable if you had to deal with them in mundane everyday situations?
What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?
What fictional place would you most like to go?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
What food do you crave most often?
What food do you know you shouldn't eat but can't stop yourself?
What food do you know you shouldn't eat but can't stop yourself?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What from the present will withstand the test of time?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
What game or movie universe would you most like to live in?
What gets you fired up?
What gives your life meaning?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What happens regularly that would horrify a person from 100 years ago?
What harsh truths do you prefer to ignore?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?
What have you created that you are most proud of?
What have you only recently formed an opinion about?
What hobby would you get into if time and money weren't an issue?
What holidays have been over-commercialized?
What horror story do you have from a job you've had?
What in life is truly objective and not subjective?
What inanimate object do you wish you could eliminate from existence?
What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
What inconsequential super power would you like to have?
What incredibly strong opinion or belief do you have that is completely unimportant in the grand scheme of things?
What invention doesn't get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
What irrational fear do you have?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
What is one or two of your favorite smells?
What is one thing you miss about being a kid?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with, but you just don't get the point of?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What is something that most people consider to be a luxury, but you don't think you could live without?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn't bother most people?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn't bother most people?
What is something that you have gotten in trouble for at school/work?
What is something that you just recently realized that you are embarrassed you didn't realize earlier?
What is something that your friends wouldn't believe was true about you?
What is something you are certain you'll never experience?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What is something you can never seem to finish?
What is something you think everyone should do at least once in their lives?
What is something you will NEVER do again?
What is special about the place you grew up?
What is the benefit of consciousness from an evolutionary stand point?
What is the best and worst purchases you've ever made?
What is the best pair of shoes you have ever owned? Why were they so good?
What is the best path to find truth; science, math, art, philosophy, or something else?
What is the best restaurant in your area?
What is the best room in your house? Why?
What is the best way for a person to attain happiness?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
What is the best way to train people to see the gradients in the world around them instead of just a simplistic "this is good, that is wrong" view of the world?
What is the biggest holiday for your family?
What is the biggest lesson you NEVER learned?
What is the biggest threat to the social contract in our country?
What is the biggest waste of human potential?
What is the craziest thing one of your teachers has done?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
What is the dumbest way you've been injured?
What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
What is the first think you notice about a guy or girl?
What is the funniest corporate / business screw up you have heard of?
What is the funniest joke you know by heart?
What is the funniest name you have actually heard used in the real world?
What is the hardest sport to excel at?
What is the last thing you do before you go to sleep?
What is the longest book you've read?
What is the longest book you've read?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What is the luckiest thing that has happened to you?
What is the most amazing slow motion video you've seen?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
What is the most annoying habit that other people have?
What is the most annoying question that people ask you regularly?
What is the most annoying thing about your phone?
What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
What is the most disgusting thing you have heard happened at a restaurant?
What is the most embarrassing piece of clothing you own?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever worn?
What is the most fertile soil for hatred? Fear, ignorance, jealousy, or something else entirely? Is it possible that some people are genetically predisposed to hatred?
What is the most heartwarming thing you've ever seen?
What is the most important goal every person should have?
What is the most important right our government allows for?
What is the most impressive thing you know how to do?
What is the most overrated movie?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
What is the sexiest and least sexy name?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What is the strangest app you have heard of or tried?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?
What is the strangest thing you have come across?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen in someone else's home?
What is the worst hotel you have stayed at? How about the best hotel?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?
What is the "Holy Grail" of your life?
What is your biggest priority right now?
What is your boss fixated on right now?
What is your definition of evil?
What is your dream job?
What is your favorite cuisine or type of food?
What is your favorite day of the week?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
What is your favorite shirt?
What is your favorite song of all time?
What is your favorite sports team?
What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?
What is your first childhood memory?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your lowest priority?
What is your middle name?
What is your number one most important metric?
What job do you think you'd be really good at?
What job doesn't exist now but will exist in the future?
What job would you be terrible at?
What just around the corner tech are you eager to get your hands on?
What keeps you up at night?
What kind of art do you enjoy most?
What kind of case do you have for your phone? Why did you choose it?
What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?
What kind of secret society would you like to start?
What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?
What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?
What languages do you wish you could speak?
What lie do you tell most often?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?
What lifestyle change have you been meaning to make for a while now?
What makes a good life?
What makes you nervous?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What memory of yours feels real but is most likely false?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title? What's the new movie about?
What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
What movie title best describes your life?
What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?
What movie would be greatly improved if it was made into a musical?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What mystery do you wish you knew the answer to?
What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
What mythical creature would improve the world most if it existed?
What naps are the most satisfying?
What near future predictions do you have?
What nicknames do you have for people in your life?
What normally delicious food gets ruined when you wrap it in a tortilla?
What obstacles would be included in the World's most amazing obstacle course?
What odd smell do you really enjoy?
What old trend is coming back these days?
What one thing do you really want but can't afford yet?
What or who has taught you most of the information you use regularly?
What outdated slang do you use on a regular basis?
What outdoor activity haven't you tried, but would like to?
What outfit could you put together from clothes you own to get the most laughs?
What part of a kid's movie completely scarred you?
What percentage of your life do you feel truly alive? When do you feel that way? How can you feel that way more often?
What personal goals do you have?
What personality trait do you value most, and which do you dislike the most?
What pets did you have while you were growing up?
What piece of entertainment do you wish you could erase from your mind so that you could experience it for the first time again?
What piece of technology is really frustrating to use?
What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?
What piece of "art" would you create if you had to pretend to be an artist and submit something to a gallery?
What popular TV show or movie do you refuse to watch?
What problem are you currently grappling with?
What problem or situation did TV / movies make you think would be common, but when you grew up you found out it wasn't?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
What product do you wish a company would make a "smart" version of?
What product or service is way more expensive than it needs to be?
What profession doesn't get enough credit or respect?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
What question can you ask to find out the most about a person?
What question would you most like to know the answer to?
What questions would you like to ask a time traveler from 200 years in the future?
What quirks do you have?
What quote or saying do people spout but is complete BS?
What really needs to be modernized?
What restaurant do you eat at most?
What riddles do you know?
What ridiculous and untrue, yet slightly plausible, theories can you come up with for the cause of common ailments like headaches or cavities?
What ridiculous thing has someone tricked you into doing or believing?
What rights does every human have? Do those rights change based on age?
What risks are worth taking?
What sci-fi movie or book would you like the future to be like?
What scientific breakthrough would have the biggest effect on humanity?
What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered?
What secret conspiracy would you like to start?
What seemingly innocent question makes you think "It's a trap!"?
What set of items could you buy that would make the cashier the most uncomfortable?
What should be the goal of humanity?
What should the role of a government be, what boundaries and limitations should it have?
What shows are you into?
What skill would you like to master?
What small change greatly improves a person's appearance?
What small gesture from a stranger made a big impact on you?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What smell brings back great memories?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What song or artist do you like but rarely admit to liking?
What songs do you feel compelled to sing along with when you hear them, even if you don't totally know all the words?
What songs do you only know the chorus to?
What songs have you completely memorized?
What songs hit you with a wave of nostalgia every time you hear them?
What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren't a professional athlete?
What sport would be the funniest to add a mandatory amount of alcohol to?
What sports do you like to watch?
What state or country do you never want to go back to?
What stats for your life would you most like to see?
What stereotype do you completely live up to?
What still makes you cringe when you think back on it?
What story you've heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?
What takes up too much of your time?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What three words best describe you?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
What trend are you tired of?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What two films would you like to combine into one?
What two questions would you ask to get the most information about who a person truly is?
What two things are terrible when separate but great when you put them together?
What two totally normal things become really weird if you do them back to back?
What type of kid were you (e.g. spoiled, rebellious, well-behaved, quiet, obnoxious...)?
What type of phone do you have?
What unethical experiment would have the biggest positive impact on society as a whole?
What used to be considered trashy but now is very classy?
What values are most important to you?
What was (is) your favorite subject?
What was (is) your least favorite subject?
What was cool when you were young but isn't cool now?
What was one of the most interesting concerts you've been to?
What was ruined because it became popular?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you've ever received?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you've ever received?
What was the best book or series that you've ever read?
What was the best compliment you've received?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
What was the best period of your life so far? What do you think will be the best period of your entire life?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What was the biggest thing you have ever won?
What was the darkest movie you've ever seen?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last funny video you saw?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
What was the last photo you took?
What was the last situation where some weird stuff went down and everyone acted like it was normal, and you weren't sure if you were crazy or everyone around you was crazy?
What was the last song you listened to?
What was the last song you sang along to?
What was the last thing you purchased?
What was the most amazing physical feat you've managed to pull off?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
What was the most memorable gift you've received?
What was the most overhyped place you've traveled to?
What was the most overhyped place you've traveled to?
What was the most unsettling film you've seen?
What was the worst book you had to read for school? How about the best book you had to read for school?
What was the worst shopping experience you've ever had?
What was your favorite book as a child?
What was your favorite children's book?
What was your favorite restaurant when you were a child?
What was your first smartphone? How did you feel when you got it?
What was your least favorite job that you've ever had?
What was your most recent lie?
What was your worst vacation experience?
What website do you visit most often?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What weird potato chip flavor that doesn't exist would you like to try?
What were some of the turning points in your life?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
What will be the future of TV shows?
What will be/are some of the by-products to society of everyone having the ability to take pictures or a video at any time?
What will finally break the internet?
What will phones be like in 10 years?
What will the economy of wealthy countries look like in 50 to 100 years?
What will the future of education be?
What word do you always mispronounce?
What word do you always misspell?
What word is a lot of fun to say?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
What would a mirror opposite of yourself be like?
What would a utopia be like, how would it function and continue to exist?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
What would be an accurate tag line for each month?
What would be on the gag reel of your life?
What would be some of the downsides of certain superpowers?
What would be some of the most annoying things about having yourself as a roommate?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?
What would be the best-worst name for different types of businesses? (dry cleaners, amusement parks, etc.)
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
What would be the creepiest thing you could say while passing a stranger on the street?
What would be the hat to end all hats? What could you wear on your head that would make people stop what they are doing and stare in awe and amazement?
What would be the most amazing adventure to go on?
What would be the most ethical way to give away five million dollars?
What would be the most unsettling thing to keep occasionally finding around your house?
What would be the scariest monster you could imagine?
What would be the worst food to be liquefied and drunk through a straw?
What would be the worst thing for the government to make illegal?
What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?
What would be the worst "buy one get one free" sale of all time?
What would be your first question after waking up from being cryogenically frozen for 100 years?
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What would be your spirit animal?
What would happen if a maximum income of was implemented?
What would happen to a society in which no one had to work, and everyone was provided enough food/water/shelter/healthcare for free?
What would it be like if humans could perceive what the world is actually like and do it in real time? Also, what are the ramifications of every single person's reality being a little different and unique to them?
What would some fairy tales be like if they took place in the present and included modern technology and culture?
What would the adult version of an ice-cream truck sell and what song would it play?
What would the box with all your hopes and dreams inside look like?
What would the world be like if it was filled with male and female copies of you?
What would you do if you knew you were going to die in one day?
What would you genetically change about humans to make them a better species?
What would you name your boat if you had one?
What would you rate 10 / 10?
What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?
What would your book be about?
What would your perfect bar look like?
What would your perfect room look like?
What "old person" things do you do?
What're the best and worst things about the marketplace where you get your apps?
What's the best / worst thing about your work/school?
What's the best pet name you can come up with for a specific type of pet? (Like theseorange cat names.)
What's the best show currently on TV?
What's the best sitcom past or present?
What's the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
What's the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What's the best way to discover new music?
What's the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
What's the first thing you do after school/work?
What's the funniest TV series you have seen?
What's the most addictive mobile game you have played?
What's the most frustrating app you have tried?
What's the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What's the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What's the most useful thing you own?
What's the strangest movie you have ever seen?
What's the worst fast food restaurant?
What's the worst movie you have seen recently?
What's your favorite genre of movie?
What's your favorite number? Why?
What's your favorite season? Why?
What's your favorite way to waste time?
What're the best and worst things about the marketplace where you get your apps?
What's a body part that you wouldn't mind losing?
What's a common experience for many people that you've never experienced?
What's about to get much better?
What's are some of your Pavlovian responses?
What's better broken than whole?
What's fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
What's incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?
What's invisible but you wish people could see?
What's legal now, but probably won't be in 25 years?
What's one responsibility you really wish you didn't have?
What's one thing you did that you really wish you could go back and undo?
What's quickly becoming obsolete?
What's some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
What's something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
What's something commonly done that gets progressively weirder the more you think about it?
What's something horrible that everyone should try at least once?
What's something people don't worry about but really should?
What's something that I don't know?
What's something that all your friends agree on?
What's something that everyone agrees we should change, but somehow it never changes?
What's something that everyone knows is true, but we don't like to admit it?
What's something that everyone, absolutely everyone, in the entire world can agree on?
What's something that happened or something that someone said that changed how you view the world?
What's something that people think makes them look cool, but actually has the opposite effect?
What's something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
What's something you are self-conscious about?
What's something you like to do the old-fashioned way?
What's something you really resent paying for?
What's something your brain tries to make you do and you have to will yourself not to do it?
What's something you've been meaning to try but just haven't gotten around to it?
What's the best / worst practical joke that you've played on someone or that was played on you?
What's the best / worst thing about your work/school?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you've seen?
What's the best and worst piece of advice you've ever received?
What's the best and worst thing about getting older?
What's the best and worst thing about the country you are from?
What's the best inside joke you've been a part of?
What's the best lesson you've learned from a work of fiction?
What's the best pet name you can come up with for a specific type of pet? (Like these orange cat names.)
What's the best sandwich you've ever had?
What's the best show currently on TV?
What's the best single day on the calendar?
What's the best sitcom past or present?
What's the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
What's the best thing about you?
What's the best thing that happened to you last week?
What's the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What's the best thing you got from your parents?
What's the best type of cheese?
What's the best way a person can spend their time?
What's the best way to discover new music?
What's the best way to start the day?
What's the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
What's the best way you or someone you know has gotten out of a ticket / trouble with the law?
What's the biggest overreaction you've ever seen?
What's the closest thing to real magic?
What's the clumsiest thing you've done?
What's the coldest you've ever been?
What's the coolest animal you've seen in the wild?
What's the craziest conversation you've overheard?
What's the craziest video you've ever seen?
What's the creepiest tech out there?
What's the cutest thing you can imagine? Something so cute it's almost painful.
What's the difference between justice and revenge?
What's the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?
What's the dumbest thing you've done that actually turned out pretty well?
What's the farthest you've ever been from home?
What's the funniest TV series you have seen?
What's the funniest TV show you've ever seen?
What's the funniest actual name you've heard of someone having?
What's the funniest comedy skit you've seen?
What's the funniest joke you know by heart?
What's the funniest pick up line you've heard?
What's the funniest thing you've done or had happen while your mind was wandering?
What's the funniest thing you've seen a kid do?
What's the funniest word in the English language?
What's the grossest food that you just can't get enough of?
What's the hardest lesson you've learned?
What's the hardest you've ever worked?
What's the last adventure you went on?
What's the longest rabbit hole you've been down?
What's the most addicted to a game you've ever been?
What's the most addictive mobile game you have played?
What's the most amazing place in nature you've been?
What's the most amazing true story you've heard?
What's the most annoying animal you've encountered?
What's the most annoying noise?
What's the most annoying thing about the social media platform you use most often?
What's the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
What's the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
What's the most beautiful beach you've been to?
What's the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?
What's the most boring super hero you can come up with?
What's the most comfortable bed or chair you've ever been in?
What's the most creative use of emojis you've ever seen?
What's the most depressing meal you've eaten?
What's the most disgusting sounding word in the English language?
What's the most embarrassing story from your childhood?
What's the most epic way you've seen someone quit or be fired?
What's the most exciting thing about your business?
What's the most exciting thing about your industry?
What's the most exciting thing about your product?
What's the most exciting thing about your team?
What's the most expensive thing you've broken?
What's the most frustrating app you have tried?
What's the most frustrating product you own?
What's the most historic thing that has happened in your lifetime?
What's the most illegal thing you've done?
What's the most imaginative insult you can come up with?
What's the most immature thing that you do?
What's the most interesting building you've ever seen or been in?
What's the most interesting documentary you've ever watched?
What's the most interesting piece of art you've seen?
What's the most interesting thing you've read or seen this week?
What's the most ironic thing you've seen happen?
What's the most overrated product out on the market?
What's the most physically painful thing you've ever experienced?
What's the most pleasant sounding accent?
What's the most rage inducing game you've ever played?
What's the most recent show you've binge watched?
What's the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What's the most ridiculous animal on the planet?
What's the most ridiculous fact you know?
What's the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
What's the most significant change at your company in the past six months?
What's the most surprising self-realization you've had?
What's the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What's the most useful thing you own?
What's the most useless talent you have?
What's the oldest thing you own?
What's the opposite of a koala?
What's the saddest scene in a movie or TV series?
What's the scariest non-horror movie?
What's the shadiest thing you've seen someone do?
What's the silliest thing you've convinced someone of?
What's the silliest thing you've seen someone get upset about?
What's the smartest thing you've seen an animal do?
What's the spiciest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the strangest movie you have ever seen?
What's the title of the current chapter of your life?
What's the weirdest conversation you've eavesdropped on?
What's the weirdest crush you've had?
What's the weirdest smell you have ever smelled?
What's the weirdest text or email you've gotten?
What's the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
What's the weirdest thing about modern life that people just accept as normal?
What's the weirdest thing that has happened to you while working at your job?
What's the weirdest thing you've found lying on the ground / side of the road?
What's the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?
What's the worst commercial you've recently seen? Why is it so bad?
What's the worst fast food restaurant?
What's the worst hairstyle you've ever had?
What's the worst movie trope?
What's the worst movie you have seen recently?
What's the worst thing you ate from a fast food restaurant?
What's the worst thing you've eaten out of politeness?
What's worth spending more on to get the best?
What's wrong but sounds right?
What's your best example of correlation not equaling causation?
What's your best example of easy come, easy go?
What's your best example of fake it till you make it?
What's your best story from a wedding?
What's your best story of you or someone else trying to be sneaky and failing miserably?
What's your biggest screw up in the kitchen?
What's your claim to fame?
What's your cure for hiccups?
What's your dream car?
What's your favorite drink?
What's your favorite genre of book or movie?
What's your favorite genre of movie?
What's your favorite holiday movie?
What's your favorite number? Why?
What's your favorite piece of clothing you own/owned?
What's your favorite season? Why?
What's your favorite way to waste time?
What's your funniest story involving a car?
What's your go to casino game?
What's your good luck charm?
What's your grossest bug story?
What's your haunted house story?
What's your industry like right now?
What's your secret talent?
What's your worst example of procrastination?
What's your "Back in my day, we"?
What's your "and then it got worse" story?
When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?
When did you screw everything up, but no one ever found out it was you?
When do you feel truly "alive"?
When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?
When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?
When people look at you, what do you think they see/think?
When people make mistakes about food (especially foreign food), do you feel the need to correct them? (i.e.sushi / sashimiorstromboli / calzone)
When was a time you acted nonchalant but were going crazy inside?
When was the last time you changed your opinion/belief about something major?
When was the last time you climbed a tree just for fun?
When was the last time you face palmed?
When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life?
When was the last time you got to tell someone "I told you so."?
When was the last time you had a food fight?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
When was the last time you slept more than nine hours?
When was the last time you stayed up through the entire night?
When was the last time you went to a movie theater?
When was the last time you were hopelessly lost?
When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn't?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
When was the last time you yelled at someone?
When was the most inappropriate time you busted out in laughter?
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
When, if ever, is taking a human life justified?
When's censorship warranted?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Where are some unusual places you've been?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
Where did (do) you go to school?
Where did you go last weekend? / What did you do last weekend?
Where did you go on your last vacation?
Where did you grow up?
Where do you find meaning in your life?
Where do you get most of the decorations for your home?
Where do you get your news?
Where do you get your recommendations for what to do and where to stay when you travel?
Where do you plan on going for your next vacation?
Where do you spend most of your free time/day?
Where do you think is the most worthwhile place to find meaning in life? Work, family, hobby, religion, philosophy, helping others, all the small miracles, or something else entirely?
Where do you usually go when you have time off?
Where does your self-worth come from?
Where is the best place to take a date?
Where is the best place you've been for taking walks?
Where is the line between art and not art?
Where is the most awe-inspiring place you have been?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where is the most interesting place you've been?
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Where is the most relaxing place you've ever been to?
Where is the most uncomfortable place you have ever slept?
Where is the nicest place you have been to in fall?
Where is the strangest place you've urinated or defecated?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
Where is the worst smelling place you've been?
Where was the last place you went on vacation?
Where was the most in appropriate / most embarrassing place you've farted?
Where would you like to travel next?
Where would you rather be from?
Where would you spend all your time if you could?
Where's the line between soup and cereal?
Where's your go to restaurant for amazing food?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?
Which app has helped society the most? Which one has hurt society the most?
Which app seemed like magic the first time you used it?
Which body part do you wish you could detach and why?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
Which celebrity is the most likely to have a collection of canes that are just for show?
Which celebrity or band has the worst fan base?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?
Which day do you choose?
Which did you grow up with? What is good and bad about each?
Which do you prefer, fall or spring?
Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
Which do you think is more likely?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
Which is a more valid point of view or are they both equally valid?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house? Why?
Which of your beliefs are justified and which ones aren't?
Which of your scars has the best story behind it?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
Which protagonist from a book or movie would make the worst roommate?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Which season are you most active in?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?
Which sports do you like to play
Which way should toilet paper hang, over or under?
Whichrecent news storyis the most interesting?
Who are some of your favorite athletes?
Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?
Who did you use to look up to, but they screwed up and you lost faith in them?
Who do you feel like you know even though you've never met them?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
Who do you know that really reminds you of a character in a TV show or movie?
Who do you think has the biggest impact on fashion trends: actors and actresses, musicians, fashion designers, or consumers?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
Who has impressed you most with what they've accomplished?
Who has zero filter between their brain and mouth?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who in your life has the best / worst luck?
Who in your life is the worst at using technology?
Who inspires you to be better?
Who is someone popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
Who is the funniest person you've met?
Who is the funniest person you've met?
Who is the messiest person you know?
Who is the most creative person you know?
Who is the most manipulative person you've ever met?
Who is your favorite athlete?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)? Why?
Who is your oldest friend? Where did you meet them?
Who is/was your most interesting friend?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?
Who was the last person you called?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? How about the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?
Who's your go-to band or artist when you can't decide on something to listen to?
Why are humans so confident in beliefs that can't be proven?
Why are humans so fascinated by mass murderers if their actions are universally considered evil and vile?
Why are humans so susceptible to magical thinking?
Why did technology progress more slowly in the past than it does now?
Why did you decide to do the work you are doing now?
Why do humans have such a strong urge to distract ourselves from the real world?
Why do humans often associate beauty with morality?
Why do people expect a universe full of randomness to be fair?
Why do we dream?
Why do we judge ourselves by our intentions but judge others by their actions?
Why do we resist doing things that we know are good for our well-being while craving things that are detrimental to our well-being?
Why do you think sports are common across almost all cultures present and past?
Why don't we as a species take more advantage of the fact that we have almost infinite knowledge available to us?
Why have many societies begun to place such a high value on emotions and being emotional?
Why should Facebook be banned?
Will humanity ever be able to escape tribalism and the creation of in and out groups? Should it?
Will religion ever become obsolete?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
Will we keep leaping to even greater technological and scientific breakthroughs that radically change society, or will the rate of progress slow and humanity's progress be limited to incremental improvements?
With no laws or rules to influence your behavior, how do you think you would behave?
With that in mind, how do you know which of your memories are genuine and which have been altered or made up?
With that in mind, what are the most important things to learn about one's self or is all self-knowledge equal?
With that in mind, what is real and what is just our perception of reality? Or does every organism live in its own personal reality?
Without religion would people become more, less, or be equally morally corrupt?
Would a government run with algorithms, A.I., and statistics be better or worse than the government we have now?
Would it be more frightening to discover that humans are the most advanced species in the universe or that we are far from being the most advanced species in the universe?
Would selectively breeding an animal such as a dog based on intelligence, increase its intelligence over time? If so, how intelligent could dogs become? If not, how does intelligence emerge in a species?
Would the world be a better or worse place if everyone looked the same?
Would things get better or worse if humans focused on what was going well rather than what's going wrong?
Would you be able to tell if time had been altered in some way?
Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
Would you rather 5% of the population have telepathy, or 5% of the population have telekinesis? You are not part of the 5% that has telepathy or telekinesis.
Would you rather accidentally be responsible for the death of a child or accidentally be responsible for the deaths of three adults?
Would you rather all conspiracy theories be true or live in a world where no leaders really know what they are doing?
Would you rather all electrical devices mysteriously stop working (possibly forever) or the governments of the world are only run by people going through puberty?
Would you rather all plants scream when you cut them / pick their fruit or animals beg for their lives before they are killed?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather always be able to see 5 minutes into the future or always be able to see 100 years into the future?
Would you rather always feel like someone is following you, but no one is, or always feel like someone is watching you, even though no one is?
Would you rather always have a great body for your entire life but have slightly below average intelligence or have a mediocre body for your entire life but be slightly above average in intelligence?
Would you rather be a bowling champion or a curling champion?
Would you rather be a famous director or a famous actor?
Would you rather be a practicing doctor or a medical researcher?
Would you rather be a reverse centaur or a reverse mermaid/merman?
Would you rather be able to be free from junk mail or free from email spam for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be able to control animals (but not humans) with your mind or control electronics with your mind?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather be able to dodge anything no matter how fast it's moving or be able to ask any three questions and have them answered accurately?
Would you rather be able to go to any theme park in the world for free for the rest of your life or eat for free at any drive-through restaurant for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be able to see 10 minutes into your own future or 10 minutes into the future of anyone but yourself?
Would you rather be able to talk to land animals, animals that fly, or animals that live under the water?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
Would you rather be alone for the rest of your life or always be surrounded by annoying people?
Would you rather be an amazing artist but not be able to see any of the art you created or be an amazing musician but not be able to hear any of the music you create?
Would you rather be an amazing painter or a brilliant mathematician?
Would you rather be an amazing virtuoso at any instrument but only if you play naked or be able to speak any language but only if you close your eyes and dance while you are doing it?
Would you rather be an average person in the present or a king of a large country 2500 years ago?
Would you rather be an unimportant character in the last movie you saw or an unimportant character in the last book you read?
Would you rather be balding but fit or overweight with a full head of hair?
Would you rather be beautiful/handsome but stupid or intelligent but ugly?
Would you rather be born again in a totally different life or born again with all the knowledge you have now?
Would you rather be compelled to high five everyone you meet or be compelled to give wedgies to anyone in a green shirt?
Would you rather be completely insane and know that you are insane or completely insane and believe you are sane?
Would you rather be completely invisible for one day or be able to fly for one day?
Would you rather be constantly tired no matter how much you sleep or constantly hungry no matter how much you eat?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Would you rather be famous but ridiculed or be just a normal person?
Would you rather be famous for inventing a deadly new weapon or invent something that helps the world but someone else gets all the credit for inventing it?
Would you rather be famous when you are alive and forgotten when you die or unknown when you are alive but famous after you die?
Would you rather be fantastic at riding horses or amazing at driving dirt bikes?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages and never be able to travel or be able to travel anywhere for a year but never be able to learn a word of a different language?
Would you rather be forced to dance every time you heard music or be forced to sing along to any song you heard?
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or only incredibly bland food?
Would you rather be forced to kill one innocent person or five people who committed minor crimes?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather be hired for a well-paying job that you lied to get and have no idea how to do or be about to give the most important presentation of your life but you can't remember any of the material you prepared?
Would you rather be in debt for $100,000 or never be able to make more than $3,500 a month?
Would you rather be in jail for a year or lose a year off your life?
Would you rather be infamous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather be locked in a room that is constantly dark for a week or a room that is constantly bright for a week?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
Would you rather be married to a 10 with a bad personality or a 6 with an amazing personality?
Would you rather be only able to watch the few movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 95-100% or only be able to watch the majority of movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94% and lower?
Would you rather be poor but help people or become incredibly rich by hurting people?
Would you rather be put in a maximum-security federal prison with the hardest of the hardened criminals for one year or be put in a relatively relaxed prison where wall street types are held for ten years?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather be rich and never find true love or be poor and find true love?
Would you rather be so afraid of heights that you can't go to the second floor of a building or be so afraid of the sun that you can only leave the house on rainy days?
Would you rather be the absolute best at something that no one takes seriously or be well above average but not anywhere near the best at something well respected?
Would you rather be the best in the world at climbing trees or the best in the world at jumping rope?
Would you rather be the first person to explore a planet or be the inventor of a drug that cures a deadly disease?
Would you rather be transported permanently 500 years into the future or 500 years into the past?
Would you rather be unable to have kids or only be able to conceive quintuplets?
Would you rather be unable to move your body every time it rains or not be able to stop moving while the sun is out?
Would you rather be unable to use search engines or unable to use social media?
Would you rather become twice as strong when both of your fingers are stuck in your ears or crawl twice as fast as you can run?
Would you rather blink twice the normal rate or not be able to blink for 5 minutes but then have to close your eyes for 10 seconds every 5 minutes?
Would you rather clean rest stop toilets or work in a slaughterhouse for a living?
Would you rather die in 20 years with no regrets or die in 50 years with many regrets?
Would you rather donate your body to science or donate your organs to people who need them?
Would you rather earbuds and headphones never sit right on / in your ears or have all music either slightly too quiet or slightly too loud?
Would you rather eat a box of dry spaghetti noodles or two cups of uncooked rice?
Would you rather eat a ketchup sandwich or a Siracha sandwich?
Would you rather eat a sandwich made from 4 ingredients in your fridge chosen at random or eat a sandwich made by a group of your friends from 4 ingredients in your fridge?
Would you rather eat a spoonful of wasabi or a spoonful of extremely spicy hot sauce?
Would you rather eat an egg with a half-formed chicken inside or eat ten cooked grasshoppers?
Would you rather eat rice with every meal and never be able to eat bread or eat bread with every meal and never be able to eat rice?
Would you rather every shirt you ever wear be kind of itchy or only be able to use 1 ply toilet paper?
Would you rather everyone be required to wear identical silver jumpsuits or any time two people meet and are wearing an identical article of clothing they must fight to the death?
Would you rather everything you dream each night come true when you wake up or everything a randomly chosen person dreams each night come true when they wake up?
Would you rather fight for a cause you believe in, but doubt will succeed or fight for a cause that you only partially believe in but have a high chance of your cause succeeding?
Would you rather find five dollars on the ground or find all your missing socks?
Would you rather find your true love or a suitcase with five million dollars inside?
Would you rather get one free round trip international plane ticket every year or be able to fly domestic anytime for free?
Would you rather get tipsy from just one sip of alcohol and ridiculously drunk from just one alcoholic drink or never get drunk no matter how much alcohol you drank?
Would you rather give up all drinks except for water or give up eating anything that was cooked in an oven?
Would you rather give up bathing for a month or give up the internet for a month?
Would you rather give up watching TV/movies for a year or give up playing games for a year?
Would you rather go back to age 5 with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather go hang gliding or whitewater rafting?
Would you rather go to jail for 4 years for something you didn't do or get away with something horrible you did but always live in fear of being caught?
Would you rather have a boomerang that would find and kill any one person of your choosing, anywhere in the world, but can only be used once or a boomerang that always returns to you with one dollar?
Would you rather have a bottomless box of Legos or a bottomless gas tank?
Would you rather have a clown only you can see that follows you everywhere and just stands silently in a corner watching you without doing or saying anything or have a real-life stalker who dresses like the Easter bunny that everyone can see?
Would you rather have a completely automated home or a self-driving car?
Would you rather have a criminal justice system that actually works and is fair or an administrative branch that is free of corruption?
Would you rather have a flying carpet or a car that can drive underwater?
Would you rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue?
Would you rather have a horrible job, but be able to retire comfortably in 10 years or have your dream job, but have to work until the day you die?
Would you rather have a horrible short-term memory or a horrible long-term memory?
Would you rather have a horribly corrupt government or no government?
Would you rather have a map that shows you the location of anything you want to find and can be used again and again but has a margin of error of up to five miles or a device that allows you to find the location of anything you want with incredible accuracy but can only be used three times?
Would you rather have all animals feel compelled to obey you if you come within 10 feet of them or be given the opportunity to genetically design a pet that will be loyal only to you with the combined DNA of three animals?
Would you rather have all corporations know all of your computer usage or the government know all of your computer usage?
Would you rather have all dogs try to attack you when they see you or all birds try to attack you when they see you?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather have all your clothes fit perfectly or have the most comfortable pillow, blankets, and sheets in existence?
Would you rather have amazingly fast typing/texting speed or be able to read ridiculously fast?
Would you rather have an easy job working for someone else or work for yourself but work incredibly hard?
Would you rather have chapped lips that never heal or terrible dandruff that can't be treated?
Would you rather have constantly dry eyes or a constant runny nose?
Would you rather have done something horribly embarrassing and only your best friend knows or not done something horribly embarrassing, but everyone except your best friend thinks you did it?
Would you rather have edible spaghetti hair that regrows every night or sweat (not sweet) maple syrup?
Would you rather have every cat or dog that gets lost end up at your house or everyone's clothes that they forget in the dryer get teleported to your house?
Would you rather have everyone laugh at your jokes but not find anyone else's jokes funny or have no one laugh at your jokes but you still find other people's jokes funny?
Would you rather have everything in your house perfectly organized by a professional or have a professional event company throw the best party you've ever been to, in your honor?
Would you rather have everything on your phone right now (browsing history, photos, etc.) made public to anyone who searches your name or never use a cell phone again?
Would you rather have everything you draw become real but be permanently terrible at drawing or be able to fly but only as fast as you can walk?
Would you rather have everything you eat be too salty or not salty enough no matter how much salt you add?
Would you rather have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or be able to drink unlimited free coffee at any coffee shop?
Would you rather have hands that kept growing as you got older or feet that kept growing as you got older?
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Would you rather have out of control body hair or a strong, pungent body odor?
Would you rather have plants grow at 20 times their normal rate when you are near or for people and animals to stop aging when you are near them?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather have someone impersonating you and doing really amazing things that you get the credit for or find money hidden in weird places all around your house every day but you can't figure out where the money comes from or how it keeps getting there?
Would you rather have someone secretly give you LSD on a random day and time once every 6 months or have everyone in the world all take LSD at the same time once every 5 years?
Would you rather have the police hunting you for a murder you didn't commit or a psychopathic clown hunting you?
Would you rather have the power to gently nudge anyone's decisions or have complete puppet master control of five people?
Would you rather have to fart loudly every time you have a serious conversation or have to burp after every kiss?
Would you rather have to read aloud every word you read or sing everything you say out loud?
Would you rather have unlimited amounts of any material you want to build a house, but you have to build the house all by yourself or have a famed architect design and build you a modest house?
Would you rather have unlimited international first-class tickets or never have to pay for food at restaurants?
Would you rather have unlimited sushi for life or unlimited tacos for life? (both are amazingly delicious and can be any type of sushi/taco you want)
Would you rather have whatever you are thinking to appear above your head for everyone to see or have absolutely everything you do live streamed for anyone to see?
Would you rather humans go to the moon again or go to mars?
Would you rather inherit 20 million dollars when you turn 18 or spend the time earning 50 million dollars through your hard work?
Would you rather it be impossible for you to be woken up for 11 straight hours every day, but you wake up feeling amazing, or you can be woken up normally but never feel totally rested?
Would you rather it never stops snowing (the snow never piles up) or never stops raining (the rain never causes floods)?
Would you rather know all the mysteries of the universe or know every outcome of every choice you make?
Would you rather know how above or below average you are at everything or know how above or below average people are at one skill/talent just by looking at them?
Would you rather know the history of every object you touched or be able to talk to animals?
Would you rather know the uncomfortable truth of the world or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather know when you are going to die or how you are going to die? (You can't change the time or method of your death.)
Would you rather live a comfortable and peaceful life in the woods in a small cabin without much human interaction or a life full of conflict and entertainment in a mansion in a city?
Would you rather live in a cave or live in a tree house?
Would you rather live in a haunted house where the ghosts ignore you and do their own thing or be a ghost in a house living out a pleasant and uneventful week from your life again and again?
Would you rather live in a house with see-through walls in a city or in the same see-through house but in the middle of a forest far from civilization?
Would you rather live in a utopia as a normal person or in a dystopia but you are the supreme ruler?
Would you rather live in the wilderness far from civilization with no human contact or live on the streets of a city as a homeless person?
Would you rather live in virtual reality where you are all powerful or live in the real world and be able to go anywhere but not be able to interact with anyone or anything?
Would you rather live on the beach or in a cabin in the woods?
Would you rather live the next 10 years of your life in China or Russia?
Would you rather live under a sky with no stars at night or live under a sky with no clouds during the day?
Would you rather live until you are 200 but look like you are 200 the whole time even though you are healthy or look like you are 25 all the way until you die at age 65?
Would you rather live without hot water for showers/baths or live without a washing machine?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without AC and heating?
Would you rather live your entire life in a virtual reality where all your wishes are granted or just in the normal real world?
Would you rather lose all of your memories from birth to now or lose your ability to make new long-term memories?
Would you rather lose all your money and valuables or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather lose your best friend or all of your friends except for your best friend?
Would you rather move to a new city or town every week or never be able to leave the city or town you were born in?
Would you rather never be able to drink sodas like coke again or only be able to drink sodas and nothing else?
Would you rather never be able to eat meat or never be able to eat vegetables?
Would you rather never be able to leave your own country or never be able to fly in an airplane?
Would you rather never be able to use a touchscreen or never be able to use a keyboard and mouse?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Would you rather never be stuck in traffic again or never get another cold?
Would you rather never get a paper cut again or never get something stuck in your teeth again?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather never have a toilet clog on you again or never have the power go out again?
Would you rather never have another embarrassing fall in public or never feel the need to pass gas in public again?
Would you rather never have to clean a bathroom again or never have to do dishes again?
Would you rather never have to work again or never have to sleep again (you won't feel tired or suffer negative health effects)?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather never run out of battery power for whatever phone and tablet you own or always have free Wi-Fi wherever you go?
Would you rather never sweat again but not be more prone to heat stroke or never feel cold again but cold still physically affects you (i.e., you can freeze to death)?
Would you rather never use social media sites/apps again or never watch another movie or TV show?
Would you rather not be able to open any closed doors (locked or unlocked) or not be able to close any open doors?
Would you rather not be able to see any colors or have mild but constant tinnitus (ringing in the ears)?
Would you rather only be to use a fork (no spoon) or only be able to use a spoon (no fork)?
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day?
Would you rather randomly time travel +/- 20 years every time you fart or teleport to a different place on earth (on land, not water) every time you sneeze?
Would you rather see what was behind every closed door or be able to guess the combination of every safe on the first try?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather snitch on your best friend for a crime they committed or go to jail for the crime they committed?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life with a sailboat as your home or an RV as your home?
Would you rather spend two years with your soul mate only to have them die and you never love again or spend your life with someone nice you settled for?
Would you rather suddenly be elected a senator or suddenly become a CEO of a major company? (You won't have any more knowledge about how to do either job than you do right now.)
Would you rather super sensitive taste or super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather take amazing selfies, but all of your other pictures are horrible or take breathtaking photographs of anything but yourself?
Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic?
Would you rather the general public think you are a horrible person, but your family is very proud of you, or your family thinks you are a horrible person, but the general public be very proud of you?
Would you rather there be a perpetual water balloon war going on in your city/town or a perpetual food fight?
Would you rather thirty butterflies instantly appear from nowhere every time you sneeze or one very angry squirrel appear from nowhere every time you cough?
Would you rather travel the world for a year all expenses paid or have $40,000 to spend on whatever you want?
Would you rather travel the world for a year on a shoestring budget or stay in only one country for a year but live in luxury?
Would you rather use a push lawnmower with a bar that is far too high or far too low?
Would you rather vomit uncontrollably for one minute every time you hear the happy birthday song or get a headache that lasts for the rest of the day every time you see a bird (including in pictures or a video)?
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them for the whole year or once a week spend a day inside a stranger without having any control of them?
Would you rather wake up each morning to find that a random animal appendage has replaced your nondominant arm or permanently replace your bottom half with an animal bottom of your choice (not human)?
Would you rather wake up every morning with a new hundred-dollar bill in your pocket but not know where it came from or wake up every morning with a new fifty-dollar bill in your pocket and know where it comes from?
Would you rather wake up in the middle of an unknown desert or wake up in a rowboat on an unknown body of water?
Would you rather walk around work or school for the whole day without realizing there is a giant brown stain on the back of your pants or realize the deadline for that important paper/project was yesterday, and you are nowhere near done?
Would you rather wear a wedding dress/tuxedo every single day or wear a bathing suit every single day?
Would you rather work very hard at a rewarding job or hardly have to work at a job that isn't rewarding?
Would you rather write a novel that will be widely considered the most important book in the past 200 years, but you and the book will only be appreciated after your death or be the most famous erotica writer of your generation?
Would you rather your only mode of transportation be a donkey or a giraffe?
Would you rather your shirts be always two sizes too big or one size too small?
Would you want the ability to hear the thoughts of people near you if you couldn't turn the ability off?
Would you want to know you are going to die before hand or die suddenly without warning?
You find a remote that can rewind, fast forward, stop, and start time. What do you do with it?
You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?
You're a mad scientist, what scientific experiment would you run if money and ethics weren't an issue?