Are either of you superstitious? does it annoy the other person?
Are friends or money more important for the two of you?
Are the two of you silly together?
Are there any times you feel lonely, left out or like i'm not reachable emotionally?
Are we a positive influence on each other?
Are we changing each other in positive ways?
Are we enabling each other's bad habits?
Are you a good influence on each other?
Are you able to "read each other's mind"? 
Are you afraid to ask your partner a certain question?
Are you always honest with each other?
Are you an introvert (those who recharge by being alone) or an extrovert (those who feel energized from being around other people)?
Are you comfortable around my friends?
Are you comfortable with just being silent together?
Are you grateful for each other?
Are you happy with the amount of us-time and apart-time we have?
Are you more anxious, or more self-reliant? what about your partner?
Are you ready to apologise for something which you don't think or feel is your fault?
Are you satisfied with our sex life?
Are you satisfied with the emotional intimacy that we share?
Are you still the same people you were back then?
Are you willing to change for your partner?
Are you willing to sometimes compromise? what about your partner?
Besides orgasms, what is the best part of sex?
Can you describe what your first heartbreak was like?
Can you give your partner negative critique without them getting defensive?
Can you imagine spending the rest of your life with your partner? 
Could you forgive cheating?
Did you initially believe the relationship would last?
Did your partner initially agree on something, then changed their minds after discussing it with someone else?
Do I show up in your dreams or fantasies?
Do I support you enough?
Do the two of you enjoy events like “valentine's”?
Do the two of you ever just go for a stroll, watch the stars?
Do the two of you offer since apologies if you unknowingly hurt each other?
Do we communicate enough?
Do we have enough sex?
Do we resolve our issues respectfully?
Do we spend enough time together?
Do you avoid conflict with your partner?
Do you believe in always supporting each other?
Do you believe in astrological compatibility?
Do you believe in fate? destiny?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in god?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Do you believe in white lies?
Do you believe love changes you?
Do you believe people can change if they love someone?
Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?
Do you believe that “there's one person you're meant to be with”? if so, is your partner the one?
Do you believe there's one person you're ‘meant' to be with?
Do you consider yourself good with money?
Do you dream about me?
Do you enjoy "childish" activities, like playing seemingly innocent pranks on your partner?
Do you eventually want to have children? how many children do you eventually want? why?
Do you ever compare your previous relationships to this one?
Do you ever daydream about your partner, even if you regularly see them?
Do you ever talk about religion or politics with each other?
Do you fantasize about other people from time to time?
Do you feel a sense of satisfaction when you make a sacrifice for your partner? 
Do you feel accepted for who you are?
Do you feel heard in our relationship?
Do you feel like you really understand what's going on through your partner's mind?
Do you feel loved or appreciated by your partner's friends? what about their family?
Do you have a best friend?
Do you have a bucket list?
Do you have a fetish?
Do you have a personal flaw that you'd fix, if you could?
Do you have a sexual fantasy you've never shared with me before?
Do you have any specific fears about the relationship? does your partner?
Do you have respect and understanding for whatever you both believe in, even if those beliefs aren't shared?
Do you have secrets that you want to remain hidden? if so, why? would it really be that bad for your partner to know? would it be worse if they found out some other way?
Do you have the same love language?
Do you have the same role models?
Do you have the same tastes in entertainment?
Do you hold back from expressing love?
Do you hold grudges?
Do you know about the first time your partner had sex?
Do you know for sure someone's a bad influence on your partner, but when you bring it up they get mad?
Do you know for sure the basic preferences of your partner (colors, foods, the way they prefer working, health conditions etc)?
Do you like being the center of the attention or prefer to stand back?
Do you like giving and/or receiving oral sex?
Do you like men in uniforms?
Do you like playing with sex toys, or would you like to try them as a couple?
Do you like porn?
Do you like spending time with my family and friends?
Do you like the way your partner dresses? do they like your style?
Do you like to be dominated? Or do you prefer to be the dominant one?
Do you like to be surprised?
Do you like to get the good new or the bad news first?
Do you like to plan dates or would you prefer that I planned more dates?
Do you live together? are you considering it?
Do you make time for your partner's hobbies?
Do you often bring up mistakes from the past?
Do you own a vibrator?
Do you play any sports together?
Do you prefer being alone, or with your partner?
Do you read erotica? What is the sexiest book you've ever read?
Do you regularly say “i love you”, or do you prefer showing it?
Do you remember the first thing we said to one another?
Do you remember your dreams when you wake up?
Do you see yourself having kids? if so, how many?
Do you set goals for yourself?
Do you share the same values?
Do you stay in touch with your ex? does your partner?
Do you still have some remaining feelings from your first relationship?
Do you still think that you like your partner for the same reasons you used to?
Do you think a couple's finances should be together or separate?
Do you think a relationship can come back from cheating?
Do you think celebrating valentine's day is corny?
Do you think girls and guys have the same needs from sex and relationships?
Do you think I can be both your best friend and your lover?
Do you think infidelity is always a dealbreaker, no matter what?
Do you think it is more important for a couple with kids to focus on the kids more or each other more? why?
Do you think it's more important to be smart, or to be kind?
Do you think knowing whether or not it's love depends on how long you've known the person?
Do you think money can buy happiness?
Do you think more about the bad times you've had together, rather than the good ones?
Do you think of yourself as an optimist, or a pessimist?
Do you think once you love someone, you will always love them? or do you think love can fade away with time?
Do you think past relationship secrets should always be kept hidden?
Do you think people can really have psychic abilities?
Do you think people should be married to have sex? If not, how should they decide whether they're ready?
Do you think that people can change? do you expect your partner to change?
Do you think that the type of intimacy that you share is appropriate?
Do you think there's such a thing as "luck," or do we create our own outcomes?
Do you think there's such a thing as a "harmless" lie?
Do you think we fight fair?
Do you think you and your partner share the same values?
Do you think your life is too mundane?
Do you try to actively be part of something your partner enjoys?
Do you value your partner's opinions more than your best friend's or your parent's?
Do you want to do something that you can't because of your relationship?
Do you want to have children?
Do you, in turn, fully accept who your partner is?
Do your ideas of “quality time” match up?
Does the idea of getting caught during sex excite you?
Does the thought of someone watching us have sex excite you?
Does the thought of two men having sex turn you on?
Does your family have any traditions?
Does your partner ever think of past relationships? if they do, are you ok with that?
Does your partner have a talent you really love?
During a busy day, do you make it a priority to talk with your partner (even over phone), rather just text?
Ever think to yourself “i wonder what my partner is doing”?
Given the realities of your current life, how often would you like to have sex?
Has the way you interacted from the time you were just friends changed over the years? 
Has your initial impression of your partner held up against the test of time?
Have you ever been attracted to a man?
Have you ever been attracted to a woman? If yes – have you ever acted on it?
Have you ever been cheated on?
Have you ever been engaged or married? Do you ever want to get married?
Have you ever been in a physical fight?
Have you ever been in an emotionally or physically abusive relationship?
Have you ever been to a strip club?
Have you ever been walked in on during sex? Have you ever walked in on someone else?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
Have you ever faked an orgasm—not necessarily with me, but in general?
Have you ever felt that your partner isn't taking your relationship as seriously as you? 
Have you ever found yourself thinking about a potential breakup?
Have you ever had/would you ever have a threesome?
Have you ever lied to your partner to “protect” them or “maintain their happiness”?
Have you ever lived with a partner?
Have you ever made a booty call?
Have you ever made a sex tape?
Have you ever slept in separate beds because of a fight?
Have you ever struggled with addiction?
Have you ever talked about setting some goals for your relationships?
Have you ever told your partner something no one else knows?
Have you ever/would you ever go to a dominatrix?
Have you let yourself be at your worst around your partner? what about them?
Have you thought about me while masturbating before?
Have your feelings for your partner deepened over time?
How and why did your partner fall in love with you?
How big of a role does spirituality or religion play in your life??
How can we support each other more?
How content are you with the amount of non-sexual affection in the relationship?
How did the two of you meet?
How did you know you loved me?
How did you lose your virginity?
How do you define great sex?
How do you express anger?
How do you express your creative side?
How do you feel about being interrupted?
How do you feel about gay rights?
How do you feel about how much time you spend together?
How do you feel about physical fitness?
How do you feel about porn? What kind of porn do you like?
How do you feel about traveling outside the country?
How do you feel about what your partner does for a living?
How do you feel about your exes?
How do you feel about your partner's exes?
How do you hide anger when you don't want it to show?
How do you know when you love someone?
How do you like to spend your free time?
How do you respond when your partner is very late to meet you?
How do you think having kids will / has changed our lives and relationship?
How do you think you and your partner handle fights?
How do you want to be treated when you're down or depressed?
How does someone know if they're sexy?
How does your life compare to how you imagined it growing up?
How does your partner feel about what you do for a living?
How important do you think sex is in our relationship?
How important is it for individuals in a relationship to maintain their own separate identity?
How important is it for you to equally divvy up chores?
How important is physical chemistry to you?
How important is religion or spirituality to you?
How important is sex to you?
How long did you think our relationship would last when we first started dating?
How long do you think it takes before you know you love someone?
How long was your longest relationship? Why did it end?
How many times have you been in love?
How many times per day would you like to talk with your partner?
How much alone time do you need?
How much space / alone time should people in a relationship give each other?
How much time do you want to spend with your partner during a regular day? what about them?
How often is your partner's previous relationship on your mind?
How old were you when you lost your virginity?
How old were you when you stopped believing in the tooth fairy?
How realistic do you think couples in movies and tv are?
How well do you think our sex drives match up?
How well do you think we communicate?
How would we know if we did our job as parents well?
How would you define "sexy"? Is it important to be "sexy"? Are some of the kids at school sexy?
How would you describe your relationship with your family?
How would you feel if I made more money than you?
How would you rate your kissing?
How would you want to spend a special day with each other?
Ideally, how long should sex last?
If a boy wants to have sex and the girl is too drunk to say yes or no, what should the boy do?
If so, do you ever dream about me?
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
If something happened where I had to move very far away, would you attempt long-distance? or go our separate ways?
If the opportunity to reverse back time would present itself, would you still choose your partner?
If the opposite sex compliments your partner, do you feel anxious about it? 
If we could have sex anywhere, where would you choose?
If we could recreate one day from our relationship, what day would you choose?
If we were going to role play, who would you want me to dress up as?
If you could ask me anything and have me answer truthfully, what would it be?
If you could do anything for work and not worry about money, what would you do?
If you don't, are you making an effort to speak your partner's love language every now and then? 
If you had one word to describe our love what would it be?
If you had one word to describe our relationship what would it be?
If you had the option to live forever, would you choose to?
If you have kids, could you or your partner handle all child related tasks for a day?
If you love someone, is unfaithfulness/cheating something that can be forgiven?
If you now like your partner for different reasons, is that a good thing?
If you were to weigh the good and the bad in your relationship, which one comes on top?
If you were to win the lottery, would you still be with your partner?
If you'd know the precise day on which you'll die, would you change how you lived?
If you're having a bad day, would you want me to leave you alone or spend time with you and cheer you up?
If you're not married yet, is marriage on your mind?
If your partner had close friends of the opposite sex, how would you feel?
If your partner were to change something about you, what would that be?
In an ideal world, how many times would you have sex in a week?
In what areas do you think our personalities complement each other? (i.e. one is too reckless, and the other is too cautious, and it balances out to a happy medium.)
Is deciding what to watch a true challenge at times?
Is going to church or another house of worship important to you?
Is it a headache to choose a vacation destination?
Is love something that scares you?
Is romantic love the most important love of all?
Is there a difference between "attractive" and "hot"? Between "hot" and "sexy"?
Is there a personal goal you'd like to achieve in the next five years or so?
Is there a personality trait that always ticks you off in a person?
Is there a place that you love that you'd like to show me one day?
Is there a song that makes you think of me?
Is there a type of outfit or clothes you find sexy that you'd like to see me in?
Is there anything missing from your relationship?
Is there anything you've always wondered about me, but have hesitated to ask?
Is there enough humour in your relationship?
Is there enough intimacy between the two of you?
Is there trust between the two of you?
Is your partner close with someone of the opposite sex?
Is your partner supportive of your hobbies and passions?
Is your partner's family to your liking?
Name one difference between the two of you which you just decided not to talk about anymore.
Name one difference that's actually helpful and makes the relationship more fun and interesting.
Name something which you completely agree on.
Out of all the dates we've gone on, which was your favorite?
Should your relationship be a “comfort spot”, or should it be filled with excitement?
The two of us are hitting the great outdoors. what would you prefer to spend the day doing?
The two of you are hitting the great outdoors. What would you prefer to spend the day doing?
Was it love at first sight with me?
Was jealousy ever an impediment for either of you in doing something freely?
Was there an embarrassing fashion moment in your adolescence?
Was your relationship initially more of a "spark of the moment" type of thing?
Was your upbringing similar?
Were you "popular" in high school?
What about love scares you?
What about me made you fall in love?
What about our relationship makes you really happy?
What accomplishment are you most proud of?
What activity makes you feel the most joyful when you're doing it?
What adventure would you like to go on with me?
What animal do you think i'd be?
What animal would you choose to be in another life?
What are some of your relationship goals?
What are some things you really like about me?
What are the biggest differences between us?
What are the most difficult topics for you to share with your partner?
What are the small, daily things that make it all worth it?
What are you afraid of?When was the last time you voted?
What are you into, but haven't told me about?
What are you most insecure about?
What are your biggest fears about relationships?
What are your favorite places to be touched? Where are your least favorite places to be touched?
What are your greatest accomplishments? are you proud of them?
What are your most sensitive erogenous zones that don't always get attention? (Nipples, ears, neck, etc.)
What are your opinions about your partner's friends?
What bad habit do you wish I would quit?
What can I do to help you more?
What can I do to most help us?
What class would you love to take together?
What constitutes cheating/unfaithfulness for you?
What could we do to make our relationship stronger?
What did you think when you first met me?
What do I do in bed that drives you wild?
What do I do outside the bedroom that turns you on?
What do I do that makes you feel appreciated?
What do I do that makes you feel loved and appreciated?
What do I do that makes you the happiest?
What do you classify as “cheating”? do the two of you agree on this?
What do you do when you can't go to sleep?
What do you do when you have to have a hard conversation with someone?
What do you do when your partner feels sad?
What do you fantasize about?
What do you find sexiest about me?
What do you like best about me?
What do you most obviously have in common?
What do you remember most about the night/day we first met?
What do you see as your role in our relationship?
What do you think changes when you have sex?
What do you think happens after you die?
What do you think is your best quality?
What do you think makes people fall out of love?
What do you think our life will look like in 10 years?
What do you think the future has in store for your relationship?
What do you think the hardest thing about marriage/being in a relationship is?
What do you think the most essential thing in a successful relationship is?
What do you think would be the best way to strengthen our relationship?
What do you think would bring us closer together as a couple?
What does a happy and healthy relationship look like to you?
What does a perfect day look like for you? and for your partner?
What does a relationship mean to you?
What have you always wanted tell me, but never had the guts to?
What have you always wanted to teach me?
What historical era would you most, and least, want to go to?
What hobby or skill would you like to learn together?
What if a girl says yes to sex but then changes her mind when they start? What should the guy do?
What is a relationship deal-breaker for you?
What is one area in your life where you feel like something is missing?
What is something I did that you thought was exceptionally kind or thoughtful?
What is something small that we can do daily for each other to make our lives better?
What is something you could never forgive in a relationship?
What is something you've always wanted to try in bed?
What is the best gift your partner could give you?
What is the best way to raise children?
What is the best “relationship advice” someone has ever given you?
What is the craziest thing you've ever been asked to do in bed? Did you do it?
What is the hottest thing a lover can say in bed?
What is the most adventurous thing you've done sexually?
What is the sexiest and least sexy name?
What is the sexiest quality a partner can have?
What is the weirdest thing that turns you on?
What is your dream job?
What is your favorite part about sex? (Foreplay, teasing, penetration, oral sex, pillow talk, etc.)
What is your favorite part of our relationship?
What is your favorite sexual position? What is your least favorite sexual position?
What is your favorite thing about our relationship?
What is your favorite thing to do in bed? What is your least favorite thing to do in bed?
What is your happiest memory from our relationship?
What is your love language?
What is your number one sexual fantasy? Would you ever do it in real life?
What is your partner's favorite thing about you?
What kind of a parent do you think you'd be?
What kind of memories do you want to make together?
What kind of mistake is necessary to anger you? big or small?
What kind of vacation would you enjoy most?
What lessons have you learned from past relationships?
What makes our relationship better than other relationships?
What makes us different than other couples?
What makes you fall out of love?
What makes you feel most loved?
What new hobbies or activities would you like to try together as a couple?
What one thing can I do to improve our relationship?
What one thing do you want to accomplish in your life?
What one thing would you like to change about me?
What questions should partners ask each other before getting married?
What sex toy have you been dying to try?
What should I do more of? What should I do <em>less </em>of?
What superpower do you wish you could have?
What trip would you like to take together?
What was the best moment in our relationship so far?
What was the biggest lesson from your worst breakup?
What was the first album you ever owned?
What was the first thing which made you think “this is the person I want to be with”?
What was your dream job when you were a kid?
What was your favorite food growing up?
What was your favorite school subject growing up?
What was your favorite year of life?
What was your first experience with sex like?
What was your first sexual experience like?
What was your very first orgasm like?
What words or sexy phrases turn you on?
What would be a deal breaker for our relationship, something you couldn't forgive?
What would be one thing you never did together, but you really want to?
What would you define as cheating?
What would you do with your life if you suddenly became a billionaire?
What would you like me to do in the bedroom to spice things up a bit?
What would you prefer to do on a Saturday night?
What would you say is the type of love between you?
What's a song you could sing by heart to me, right now?
What's better than great sex?
What's more common in your relationship: joyful moments or more melancholic ones?
What's more important: your own happiness, or your partner's?
What's one book you'd want your partner to read?
What's one difference between us that you absolutely love?
What's one of my best qualities?
What's one of your habits that you know your partner doesn't like?
What's one similarity between us that you absolutely love?
What's one thing about love that scares you?
What's one thing that's not discussable for you? what about them?
What's one thing you feel our relationship is lacking?
What's one thing you want to do together that we've never done before?
What's one thing you're scared to ask me, but really want to know the answer to?
What's one word that sums up your relationship?
What's our greatest strength as a couple?
What's something not obviously sexual that turns you on?
What's something surprising that you were afraid of as a child?
What's something you used to believe about relationships, but no longer do?
What's something you wish we did together more often?
What's something you'd like to try doing, but haven't worked up the nerve yet?
What's the best relationship advice you've received?
What's the best trip you've ever taken?
What's the first thing you found attractive about me?
What's the first thing you notice about someone when you fall for them?
What's the first thing you noticed about me?
What's the greatest happiness factor in your relationship?
What's the highlight of your relationship?
What's the main way you show your love?
What's the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you while having sex?
What's the most romantic thing your partner ever did? how about you?
What's the one memory that stands out from when you met your partner?
What's the one thing about me you'd like to change?
What's the worst parenting mistake a couple can make?
What's the worst your partner made you feel?
What's worse an emotional affair or a physical one?
What's your biggest fear for this relationship?
What's your definition of romance?
What's your dream vacation?
What's your favorite book?
What's your favorite gift i've given you?
What's your favorite meal now?
What's your favorite memory of us?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
What's your favorite sex position?
What's your favorite thing about our relationship?
What's your favorite way we spend time together?
What's your go to free time activity? what about theirs?
What's your greatest fear?
What's your hidden talent?
What's your relationship with your parents like?
What's your “safe place” (physically or mentally)? have you shared this with your partner?
What, if any, holiday traditions do you have?
When am I at my sexiest?
When did you first want to kiss me?
When do you think it's the right time for people to meet each other's parents/families?
When it comes down to it, why are you in a relationship?
When it comes to "the baby question," how do you feel? Do you want kids?
When it comes to cheating, forgive and forget, forgive but don't forget, or don't forgive at all?
When life gets you down, how do you deal with it?
When speaking about moments you shared  with your partner, does it make you smile?
When there's nothing to eat in the fridge, what do you do?
When was it that you knew you loved your partner?
When was the first time you ever masturbated?
When we're not together, do we communicate enough?
When you and your partner disagree, what do you say to resolve it?
When you're having a disagreement, is it more along the lines of a debate with arguments, or are you just fighting?
Where do you want to live when we retire?
Where have you always wanted to go with me?
Where in world would you most like to visit?
Where is your favorite place to be with me?
Where is your favorite place to have sex outside of the bedroom?
Where would be your ideal place—or places—to live?
Where would you choose to live right now—the city, the suburbs, a small town, or somewhere rural/isolated?
Where would you like to be touched more often?
Where's the weirdest place you've ever had sex?
Which do you agree with? love should always feel comfortable, or love should always feel new and exciting?
Which musical artist would you want me to commission a love song from?
Which of us has a better sense of direction?
Which one of you earns more? is that a problem?
Which one of you is wiser?
Which one of you shares more? whether that be stories, willingness to take on extra chores, or just food from their plate.
Which song describes our love story best?
Who is more generous, you or me?
Who is more inclined to be jealous, you or me?
Who is more likely to live through a zombie attack?
Who is more likely to survive the hunger games—me or you?
Who is more of a risk-taker—you or me?
Who is more trusting, you or me?
Who is your favorite couple in pop culture?
Who was the first person you kissed?
Who was your childhood best friend?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
Who was your first crush, and what were they like?
Who's the funnier between the two of you? 
Who's your "hall pass" celebrity crush today?
Whose death would hit you the hardest?
Would it bother you if I went to a strip club?
Would you be able to handle long distance for a prolonged period of time (over 1 year)?
Would you be willing to stay home with the kids while I work?
Would you compromise your happiness for the success of the relationship?
Would you express platonic love to a really close friend of the opposite sex?
Would you get mad over a dream your partner had? what about them?
Would you lie to make me happy and where would you draw the line?
Would you like a vacation without your partner?
Would you rather be a vampire or a werewolf?
Would you rather be an amazing singer, or an incredible dancer?
Would you rather be known for your intelligence or your good looks?
Would you rather be loved, respected, or admired?
Would you rather be proposed to in private or in front of family and friends?
Would you rather break up if things really aren't going well, or keep trying?
Would you rather have only morning sex for the rest of your life, or strictly sex at night?
Would you rather live in only hot weather forever, or only cold weather?
Would you rather me cook you breakfast in bed or a candlelit dinner?
Would you rather own a home you don't love, or rent one that you do love?
Would you rather stay in or go out for a date?
Would you rather travel around the world or have a family?
Would you say that I understand what you are feeling?
Would you say that your partner understands what you are feeling?
Would you say things got better or worse over the years?
Would you spend your last day with your partner?
Would you still be able to love someone after they've been unfaithful?
Would you take a more interesting job for a steep pay cut?
Would you trade your life for someone else's?